#####Chapter 621 My Enemies Never End Well
Boyce slowly turned his head around, and his tone was a little cold.
“Armand Bernie, I’m not in a good mood, so don’t joke with me.”
Armand looked at his face carefully. He didn’t seem like he was joking, so he also became serious, “Tell me what happened to you.”
Boyce drank another gulp of alcohol. He didn’t want other people to worry about his own matter, “It’s nothing. I’m just suddenly in a bad mood.”
He put down his wine glass and said, “I’m feeling better now.”
However, Armand didn’t think so, “We’re friends, so don’t try to hide anything from me.”
“Who’s friending with you? You only care about women,” Boyce pretended to be relaxed and teased him.
“Hey, what the…If I only care about women, would I excitedly run over with just one call from you? Do you think I’m not busy?” Armand poured him a drink, “Didn’t you want to drink? None of us can go home if we’re not drunk today!”
Boyce didn’t want to drink, so Armand took the wine glass and chugged it into his mouth, “Alcohol is the essence among foods. The more you drink, the younger you will be.”
“Be young by yourself,” Boyce pushed his hand away and stood up, “I’m leaving now.”
Armand followed him and put his arm around his shoulders, “You’re really boring. You asked me to come and have a drink, but you already want to leave when we haven’t even started drinking yet. I’m never going to trust you again. You always lie to me.”
Boyce got goosebumps all over his body. He shuddered in chills, “What the hell, be serious.”
“How am I not serious? I’m not even asking you to have sex with me. I’m straight as a stick.”
Boyce was speechless.
He really regretted calling Armand over. He must have gone crazy to give him a phone call and asked him over to accompany him. He must have gone mad.
He had definitely gone mad.
How could he forget what the hell kind of a guy Armand was?
At this moment, the waiter walked over and gave them the receipt for the alcohol. Armand pointed at Boyce, “Give it to him.”
“The total is seventy six dollars,” The waiter handed the receipt for the alcohol over.
Boyce handed over four pieces of red bills he took out from his leather wallet and said, “Keep the change.”
After saying that, he walked out. Armand quickly followed after him.
When they got out of the bar, Armand asked, “Where are we going?”
Boyce said, “I’m going home to sleep.”
Armand’s eyes widened. He couldn’t believe that Boyce said that. He was the second busiest man next to Matthew Nelson. He struggled so hard when he was the captain. Shouldn’t he be busier now that he was the assistant officer?
But he actually told him that he was going home to sleep?
Did he hear him wrong or did he say it wrong?
He picked his ears and asked, “What did you say a while ago?”
Boyce ignored him. He got in on a taxi he hailed on the roadside and went away.
Armand was speechless.
He stood on the roadside in a mess. What did that mean? He called him to have a drink, but he left him all alone.
“I’ll never forget what you did, Boyce,” Armand was extremely angry. However, after giving it a thought, he felt that something seemed to be wrong with Boyce. He rarely took the initiative to find him to have a drink together. He was also very busy. He worked seriously and very hard out of his strong sense of responsibility. But he actually said that he was going home to sleep?!
Didn’t he need to go to work?
Was he acting strangely because something happened?
He drank two glasses of imported wine, so he didn’t drive his car. Instead, he sat down on a rest bench on the roadside and dialed Matthew’s number.
In WY Group, Abbott Baron took a few important documents. These were supposed to be signed yesterday, but Matthew didn’t come to the company. So they were all backlogged.
Abbott said, “These can’t be delayed anymore.”
Matthew raised his eyes and looked at him, “Are you ordering me around?”
Abbott immediately became nervous. He shook his head hard, “I wouldn’t dare.”
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to. He just didn’t dare.
He really wanted to push him around, so that he could experience how tiring it was to work all day and night.
At this time, the phone on the table rang just when Matthew opened the document. He glanced at the displayed caller ID, but he didn’t answer it. Instead, he directly pressed on the red icon and hung up. 
On the other side, Armand’s expression changed as he looked at his rejected call. What was happening?
One by one…
Did he hang up on him because he was making out with Dolores Flores?
Armand thought, Matthew was the most successful one now. His wife and children were all around him. He also had a good relationship with his wife. So, he evilly thought, ‘Since you didn’t want to be disturbed, I’ll insist on disturbing you.’
He dialed his number again.
He was like, if you didn’t want to answer my phone call, I would keep on calling until your phone blew up.
His phone on the table rang again, and Matthew raised his eyes. The number displayed was still Armand’s.
He pressed the answer button and turned on the speaker mode, so that he could free his hands and read the documents without any delay.
He asked, “What’s the matter?”
Armand didn’t expect him to answer it so quickly. He was already prepared to take more phone calls.
He wasn’t able to react right away. He took a breath for two seconds and said, “Why did you hang up on my phone call a while ago? Did I call at a wrong time or did I disturb your moment?”
Abbott lowered his head and scratched it. He wondered what was going in this guy’s mind.
Matthew didn’t lift his head up. He closed the signed document and put it on the other side. Then, he said, “Do you have so much time on your hands?”
Armand was speechless
It did seem like he had the most time.
He didn’t want to go home anymore after he was called out by Boyce for two drinks. And he most certainly didn’t want to go to the firm, so it did seem that he was very free.
He smacked his lips, “Did something happen to Boyce? He doesn’t seem to be in the right mood. He called me out to have a drink with him, but he didn’t want to drink anymore before even drinking. So I asked him what he was going to do, and he said that he was going home to sleep. He’s such a hardworking person, but he actually said that he’s going home to sleep. Isn’t it unusual?”
This was indeed so not like him.
Matthew turned off the speaker mode, picked up his phone, and asked, “Where is he right now?”
“Probably at home,” Armand said.
“Go find him and bring him to the company.”
“Alright. Then I’ll hang up now.”
Matthew hung his phone up and put it on the table. At this moment, the secretary’s voice echoed from the doorway, “You can’t enter.”
The people outside seemed to not pay any respect to the secretary. She was pushed away, “Get out of my way!”
Because the secretary couldn’t stop him, the office door was pushed open. With one hand on his pocket, Declan Bailey smiled and said, “Mr. Nelson.”
“I couldn’t stop him,” The secretary lowered her head.
But Matthew didn’t scold her. He said, “You can leave now.”
He handed the signed documents to Abbott, “You can also leave now.”
Abbott walked out with a stack of documents in his arms. 
Declan walked toward the office table and removed the sunglasses from his nose. He looked around, then he smiled and said, “You have a good taste, Mr. Nelson.”
Matthew leaned back on his chair, “Did Mr. Bailey rudely barge into my office just to compliment that I have a good taste?”
Declan laughed and pressed one hand on the table, while his other hand played with the sunglasses, “How is it? The only competent person you have, Boyce, don’t have any power now. If I just played a little harder, his reputation would immediately be wrecked. He might even be imprisoned, so do you think I should play a little harder?”
He put his glasses back on, “I’ve said it before. You can’t beat me.”
Matthew narrowed his eyes.
“Don’t be surprised,” Declan pressed both of his hands on the table and leaned over as he looked at him, “No matter who it is, my enemies never end well.”
#####Chapter 622 His Brain’s Messed Up
Matthew Nelson could probably guess what he did. His eyes turned colder as he stared at Declan Bailey, “Really?”
“Is this still not a good example? John Kinney? Boyce Shawn?” Declan mockingly laughed, “You still have a chance right now. Just beg me. Beg me. Then maybe I would show some mercy and spare him. What do you think?”
He became more and more shameless. He also laughed wildly, “Just say, I was wrong, Mr. Bailey. I was too blind to go against you. Please have mercy. Then maybe I would just let Boyce go.”
Matthew narrowed his eyes and stared at him. Extreme anger poured out of his eyes. However, it was quickly hidden in his poker face, “I’m afraid I’m going to disappoint you, Mr. Bailey.”
Declan suddenly stood straight, “Can’t you still see what’s happening?”
“Mr. Bailey, you’ve taught very well. I just haven’t learned it yet. Perhaps, you can teach me again?” Matthew was very calm. He didn’t pay attention to his mockery at all.
Declan was furious, “What do you have to be so arrogant about, Matthew? Isn’t it just that you’re richer than me? But when it comes to connections and power, you’re not better than me.”
Matthew laughed, “How do you know that I’m not better than you?”
There was always some sort of secretive and deceitful calculation in his laugh. This made Declan’s skin crawl.
However, after thinking carefully, the most competent person he had was Boyce. He never talked to the Harris family. Besides, how could Jeffery Harris help him when his own reputation was already broken?
And what use could that Armand Bernie have?
His father and the husbands of his so many sisters were all not ordinary people. He had connections everywhere, so it would be easy for him to do what he wanted.
With that thought, Declan immediately gained confidence.
“Don’t try to fool me!”
Matthew was still calm, “Do you know what the difference is between us?”
Declan asked, “What?”
“You do have connections and a lot of ways, but you forgot that it’s easier to deal with those on the plain sight, just like how you framed Boyce. However, you don’t know what connections I have and how powerful I am.”
Declan felt nervous from Matthew’s strategic confidence, “What, what do you mean?”
There was a saying that says it would be easy to dodge a spear in the open, but it would be hard to avoid a hidden arrow. It was obvious that what Matthew said meant that he has a power nobody else knew.
“Mr. Bailey, don’t you have any comprehensive ability?” He mockingly said.
Declan had always been an impatient person and never a poised man. So he was provoked by just a few words from Matthew.
“You just meant that you have connections,” Declan didn’t believe him, but he didn’t completely doubt him.
It was very contradicting. He didn’t know if what he said was real or he was just lying to him.
“Even if you have connections, you won’t necessarily be able to win against me,” Declan wasn’t as confident as before, but he still threatened him as usual, “Let’s wait and see.”
He angrily walked out just when Armand brought Boyce over, so they bumped into each other at the door.
“Hey, isn’t this Mr. Bailey?” Armand glanced at him from top to bottom and sneered, “What’s with that long face? Did you dad die?”
Declan grabbed Armand by the collar and ruthlessly said, “Do you want to die?”
Armand wasn’t afraid at all. He smiled and said, “What would you do to me if I want to die? Look clearly where this place is.”
Declan came alone. If he really fought with Armand, he wouldn’t be at the advantage. So, although he was feeling extremely angry inside, he still let go.
“I won’t let you get away with this!”
Armand dusted the non-existent dust away from his body, “I’ll wait for you. Bring it on!”
They stared at each other. If eyes could become weapons, then they were definitely killing each other at this moment.
“Boyce,” Declan sneered and strode out.
Armand was dumbfounded. Why did he suddenly call out Boyce’s name?
‘Is his brain messed up?’
“Why did he call you?” Armand turned his head to Boyce and asked.
Boyce said, “He’s crazy. Don’t mind him.”
“Really?” Armand didn’t doubt him, but he felt that what Declan said was cryptic. It didn’t seem like he just casually blurted it out.
Boyce didn’t argue with him. He walked into the office and asked as he looked at Matthew, “What is he doing here?”
Matthew walked out of his office desk and asked in a gloomy voice, “Why didn’t you tell me that something happened to you?”
Boyce sat on the sofa and said, “Aren’t you preparing for your wedding? I don’t want to add to your problems.”
Matthew was a bit annoyed. He snorted coldly, “What do you plan to do?”
Could this kind of matter be kept secretly? What should they do if it turned into an irreversible consequence?
Did he still want his future?
“What are you guys talking about?” Armand walked over and asked as he looked at Boyce, “What happened to you?”
Boyce lowered his head and stayed silent.
Matthew tugged his collar, “Do you still not plan on saying it?”
“Officer Miller called me into the police station early in the morning today. I saw the people from the investigation office as soon as I came to the police station. They said that I was taking bribes, so I’m suspended right now and under investigation,” Boyce lowered his head as he spoke.
“Bastard!” Armand cursed out loud, “This scumbag Declan is really fucking shameless.”
Matthew had a guess in his mind. He knew that he was using this kind of fatal sin to frame Boyce, but he was still uneasy.
After all, being investigated for bribery would affect his future as a public official.
Just like what Declan said, if he pulled a trick inside and his bribery became true, then Boyce would be finished.
“What should we do now?” Armand asked anxiously. This was connected to Boyce’s future. If it wasn’t handled properly, his reputation would be ruined. 
Matthew was afraid that Declan would come out and make trouble when he decided to hold a wedding. So he already made preparations for it.
Declan was merely relying on Roger Bailey. His brothers-in-law were just giving Declan some respect out of respect for Roger.
If Roger fell, what else would Declan still have?
In ancient wars, it was known to take down the leader first to destroy the thieves. So why would he keep on pestering Declan?
"Just go home. I'll take care of this matter," Matthew stood up and prepared to go out as he took his phone on the table. 
“You have a plan already?” Armand looked at him doubtfully.
Boyce was also very shocked.
Both of them looked at him.
However, Matthew didn’t explain what he was going to do. As he looked at their shocked gazes, he raised an eyebrow and asked, “Why? Don’t you believe me?”
Armand nodded, and then he hurriedly shook his head, “Of course, we believe you, but do you have any connections to use?”
After all, he was a businessman and not a government official. How would he deal with Declan?
Matthew smiled and gave a riddle, “I don’t have connections, but my wife has.”
Oscar Adams’ cellphone number was saved into Matthew’s phone back when Dolores Flores received a phone call from Oscar. She told him to find Oscar if there were matters he couldn’t show up in.
Actually, Dolores also didn’t know what kind of person her father was. However, she didn’t want to know either.
Just like what Jolene Harris said in the letter, it was enough to know that he was a good man.
Armand and Boyce looked at each other. They seemed to have read the answer from each other’s eyes.
They knew that this doesn’t only refer to Dolores, but to the power left from her parents’ generation.
Armand felt a little relieved after knowing that Matthew already had a counterplan. However, his hatred toward everything Declan had done had reached its peak.
He just wanted to curse at Declan whenever he thought of him.
#####Chapter 623 Your Cousin Must Be Ugly
Not only did Armand think like this, but he did it too, "What does Declan have? Doesn't he just have a powerful dad? If he didn't have his dad, he would be nothing! Whenever I see that smug look on his face, I get angry. I can't wait to beat him to death."
Boyce was still depressed. Looking at Armand's childish behavior, he thought he looked very funny.
Matthew told them to go back, while Boyce had nowhere to go. And he had been very busy. Although he didn't have to go to work now, he found he didn't even have a place to stay.
Armand put his arm around his neck, "Will you go to the villa with me?"
Boyce said, "No."
Armand was going after his wife, so what was Boyce going to do at his villa?
"All you think about all day is your woman. Can't you do anything else? Since you're so idle, aren't you afraid you'll become retarded?" Boyce complained to him mercilessly.
Armand clicked his tongue, "I don't make any less money than you do, so how am I idle? I just see it more clearly than you do."
"How do you see it more clearly than I do?" Boyce asked.
" Tell me, why do we work?"
Boyce replied, "We work for a living, obviously."
"And what do we need in life?" Armand asked again.
"Water, fire..."
"Pfft..." Armand nearly spat out the water he had just had. Then he glanced at Boyce in disgust, "I'd like to crack open your brain and see what's inside. Water and fire are the necessities of life, but those things are not life. If a person wants to have a good life, he must have a successful career and have a partner who can be with him through thick and thin and never leave him. Although we have the former, we do not have the latter. It's natural for me to go after the latter now."
Boyce looked at him lightly, "I have nothing now, so as long as I'm alive, I'm fine."
He stood up and walked out of the office after he said that.
Matthew had already left for a while. The two of them had been talking nonsense for half a day, and it was time to leave the office.
Armand chased after him, "How about this? I'll give you a ride to college to find your girlfriend?"
Boyce got a headache from hearing him talk.
"Stop following me. I want to be alone."
Armand followed him, "No way. I have to be with you. What if you get depressed and try to kill yourself? Just give me your time today. I'll sacrifice my time to stay with you."
"You're the one who's going to kill yourself!" Boyce walked to the other side in disgust and pulled away from him, but Armand approached him again, "What's wrong with you? Why do you look like you are heartbroken? You look depressed."
Boyce looked at him, said nothing, and stood at the curb to call a cab.
"Where are you going?" Armand sensed that something was wrong with him, "Didn't Matthew have a plan? Why are you still so depressed?"
Boyce bowed his head, "Jasmine is gone."
Armand was confused. She hadn't even graduated from college yet. She was gone? Where could she go?
"I'm not sure." Boyce said.
Armand was even more confused, "What could have happened to make her give up on her studies?"
Boyce told Armand about Jasmine's mother. If he told Armand, he would feel better.
Armand looked at him cautiously, "So you're upset because she's gone?"
At that time, the car stopped. Boyce waved his hand, and the car quickly pulled over. And then Armand followed him in the car, "I asked you a question!"
"I don't know." Boyce replied impatiently.
He really didn't know. He had felt something in his heart when he received her letter mentioning that she liked him.
He didn't know if he liked her either.
Armand fell silent. And he finally knew why he was so depressed.
The cab driver asked them, "Where are you going?"
Armand looked at him and told the driver of a location.
He had heard from one of the lawyers at the law firm the other day that there was a blind date party at the east end of town today. It was said to be organized by some major dating website, and a lot of single girls would be there. And Boyce was just right to go to this blind date party.
The party seemed to be widely publicized. The cab driver even knew about it, "Are you guys single too?"
Armand pointed at Boyce, "He is."
Boyce was not in the mood and ignored him.
The cab driver sneered, "This is the fifth time I'm driving to that party today."
Armand was surprised, "So many people are going there? Are they men or women?"
"Both." The cab driver said, "But there are still more guys. I heard that the male-to-female ratio is imbalanced at the moment. Even women who have been married twice are popular in the dating market. My cousin joined the army some years ago. He was a little older after he was discharged. After he had gone through many failed blind dates, he then got married to a woman who had been married three times."
Armand blinked, "Your cousin is ugly, isn't he?"
There were a lot of girls who like military men these days.
The cab driver laughed, "You're pretty straightforward. My cousin's condition is really bad. If his family didn't have connections, he wouldn't be able to join the army. He is short and dark. And he's old. He would be lucky to have a wife. I have a neighbor who has two sons in his family. Their parents spent a fortune buying a house and a car so that their sons could find wives for themselves. For crying out loud, the new car has become an old one, but they haven't found wives yet. And since the eldest son does not get married, their parents don't dare to find a wife for the second son. Because they are afraid that after the second son has a wife, the eldest son will be more difficult to find a wife."
Armand couldn't help but stare and look sideways at Boyce, "You better take this chance! Look! How many men can't find a wife these days? You still don't cherish your girlfriend. If you meet the right person this time, you should go out with that girl. Don't become a leftover man."
"Fuck off!" If it had not been for the fact that the driver was driving, he would have pushed the door open and gotten out.
Armand wasn't mad either. He knew Boyce was in a bad mood, so he tried to cotton him up, "I'm just concerned about you, okay? Don't be mad."
"Driver, stop the car." Boyce said to the driver.
The driver pulled over to the side of the road and stopped in a lot where he could pull over. He paid the cab fare and got out.
Armand followed him out of the car, "Hey, what are you doing? What's wrong with going on a blind date?"
" You can go if you want." Boyce walked along the road.
Armand stood still, "You've gone too far."
Boyce didn't say anything and kept walking. Armand got angry too, "Fine! Who would care about you?" He said as he stopped the car at the side of the road and got in. He wanted to go to the villa to find Theresa, but he was still very worried about Boyce, so he asked the driver to follow Boyce from a distance.
Boyce found a small store and bought a box of cigarettes. When he paid, someone put a bottle of water on the checkout counter.
"Boyce?"
Boyce turned his head to look over.
"I thought I had the wrong person. What are you doing here?" Wendy asked with a smile.
"I..." Boyce didn't know why he was there either.
"You must be in a bad mood, right? I heard all about it from my dad. I believe you." Wendy said.
Boyce was expressionless, then he handed the money to the owner, "That bottle of water is on me too."
The two of them went out of the shop together after paying the bills. Boyce asked her, "What brings you here?"
#####Chapter 624 A Man Worth Marrying
Wendy said, "I came here to run some errands. Do you have anything else to do? If you don't have anything to do, why don't we find a place to sit and talk?"
Boyce had nowhere to go, so he agreed to that idea.
" Did you drive here?" Wendy asked.
"No." Boyce replied.
Wendy pointed to the parked car and said, "My car is parked on the side of the road. Take my car then."
Boyce did not refuse.
"Dickhead!" Armand watched Boyce and a woman got into the car. And he couldn’t believe his eyes.
He asked the driver in front of him, "Did the man who just came out of the store get in the car with a woman?"
The driver said, "Yes. And she is a pretty woman."
Armand let out a laugh. 'Since Boyce has a woman, he's still pretending to be depressed in front of him. Also, who was that woman just now? What is her relationship with Boyce? Could it be that Boyce has a girlfriend? And has Boyce been hiding this from him? But Boyce didn't have to hide this from him, right?'
Armand was puzzled. Unfortunately, no one could give him the answer.
The driver glanced back at him, "Shall we go?"
He couldn't keep the car parked without picking up other passengers.
He felt relieved to see Boyce with someone, so he told the driver the address of Matthew's villa.
Wendy drove the car downtown and then found a nice cafe, "Let's have a cup of coffee."
Boyce didn't really want to go to a cafe, but given that he had just agreed to her offer, he pushed the car door open and got out.
"I just want to have a cup of coffee with you, but why do you look so reluctant?" Wendy said with a smile.
"I..."
"I'm just joking." Wendy deliberately interrupted him. She knew he was probably still upset about Jasmine.
Jasmine had visited her before she left.
Jasmine could sense that Wendy had feelings for Boyce. And Wendy was also Officer Miller's daughter, so she could benefit Boyce in his career. No matter how much Officer Miller appreciated Boyce, Boyce was his subordinate after all. However, if Boyce was his son-in-law, then he would do his best to support him.
Therefore, before Jasmine left, she confessed everything to Wendy.
The decoration of the cafe looked very cozy and a little romantic. And there were many couples who came here for coffee.
Wendy took a seat in front of the window. The sycamore trees outside the window blocked the sunlight, so it was not too bright. There was a white vase on the table with some daisies in it.
"What would you like to drink?" She asked, looking at Boyce.
Boyce said, "Green tea."
" We'll have a cup of green tea and a cappuccino with milk." Wendy said to the waiter.
"Okay."
After the waiter left, Wendy smiled and said, "Isn't it true that men don't like sweet stuff? And you don't even drink coffee with sugar and milk?"
Boyce said, "Just my personal preference, I guess."
"I've heard about what happened. I didn't realize you had moments when you acted like a child." Wendy said.
Boyce was confused by what she said. And he didn't know what she meant by that, "What did you know?"
" Take a guess," Wendy said with a smile.
Boyce said, "I can't figure it out."
"You're really not funny. But you're really the kind of man worth getting someone to marry you. Actually, I kind of regret it. After all, my dad kinda wanted me to marry you in the first place..."
"That's all in the past now." Boyce interrupted her. And he didn't really want to talk to her about it.
Wendy asked, "Do you hate and detest me?"
"No."
Boyce answered her bluntly. If Wendy had wanted to, he would have agreed to marry her. Moreover, he didn't have any regrets, because he didn't marry her for love but for not hating her. And he simply thought she was about his age. 
At that moment, the waiter brought up the coffee, "Please enjoy it."
Wendy picked it up and took a sip. After the waiter walked away, she said once again, "Do you hate me now?"
Boyce frowned and didn't say anything.
Wendy laughed to herself, "After all, I was married once."
"It's not a serious matter that people have been divorced now." Boyce wasn't trying to comfort her. It was just the way society was. And the divorce rate goes up every year. And there were a lot of divorced men and women, which meant nothing.
Wendy fiddled with this coffee cup, "When I was young, I used to believe in romanticism. And I would love for my partner to say he loves you. And I also wanted him to send me a bouquet of bright red roses once in a while. I thought only a man could do that would make me feel passionate and have fun. However, as time passed, the passionate life became a dull one. And when there are only trivial things left in daily life, most people can't stand loneliness. For example, my carefully chosen husband betrayed me when our life got boring."
She lifted her eyes to look at Boyce, "If I had chosen you, we would have lived happily ever after. And we might even have children now. Boyce, I really regret it. I regret that I was so blind at that time."
Boyce didn't look at her, "It's not your fault. It's his loss for not appreciating you."
And they weren't meant to be together. They weren't before, and they were even less meant to be together now.
"Boyce..."
"It occurred to me that I've still got some business to take care of. I'll go first." Boyce stood up.
Wendy pursed her lips. She thought to herself that she was in no hurry. As God had given her a second chance, she must take it.
"I'll give you a ride.” She followed him from behind.
Boyce refused her, "We're not going in the same direction."
"But we did come here in the same car." Wendy smiled, "Let's go. You're so cold to me, which makes me feel like you hold a grudge against me."
Since she said such words to him, Boyce couldn't find any more excuses. Because if he continued to reject her, it would make people think that he hated Wendy.
After leaving the cafe, they got into the car one after another. Wendy asked, "Where are you going?"
Boyce was about to say that he was going to the police station, but he then quickly realized that he had been suspended. Thus, he didn't have to go to the police station.
At that moment, the cell phone in his pocket rang. He took it out and saw Matthew's cell phone number on the screen. Then he immediately answered the phone.
#####Chapter 625 Marriage is Just for Show
Matthew Nelson spoke when the call connected, he wanted him to forward all researched information on the crimes Declan Bailey had committed.
Boyce Shawn heeded, “Understood.”
He left everything at home instead of the bureau to ensure that nobody would find out about it, it was safer that way.
He hung up after ending the conversation and looked at Wendy, “I still have some errands to run, you can head home first.”
Wendy said, “Alright then.”
She got in her car and fastened her seatbelt, then winded down her window and assured Boyce, “About that issue, my father will do everything he can to help you, and I really trust you.”
Boyce did not intend to bother Officer Miller with his problems, and he wasn’t used to Wendy’s sudden wave of enthusiasm.
Out of politeness, he thanked her.
After all, someone cared for him.
He waited for Wendy to drive off, then flagged for a taxi at the side of the road to get a ride home.
After he retrieved the important documents from his place, he gave Matthew a call to know where he was so that he could send them over to him, but Matthew advised him to mail the documents via internet instead.
Without a question, Boyce had forwarded every detail he possessed about the matter to him.
The next two days passed by peacefully with no sudden movements. Boyce wasn’t allowed to work either as he was being investigated.
Matthew hadn’t returned to the villa for the past two days as well, even Dolores Flores was clueless on what he was busy with. He only called to tell her that he had some matters to settle and won’t be back for two nights, this made her worried.
Even though the days that passed seemed serene, there were some other things that happened. Jayden Nelson and Kevin Forbis arrived back in City B, Theresa Gordon’s wound had healed much better and she could walk on her feet again. She was anxious to travel back to city C, but only when Jayden and Kevin returned did she learn that Dolores and Matthew were going to get married.
She decided to stay behind for a little longer, until Dolores’ and Matthew’s wedding was over.
“What will you be wearing?” Theresa asked.
Dolores froze for a moment, she was slow to what Theresa had asked her, “What do you mean by that?”
“Your wedding, are you going to be in a wedding gown, or will you wear a Chinese-style dress?” Theresa curled up in the sofa and gnawed an apple.
Suddenly Dolores answered, “I don’t know, he’s arranging everything.”
Theresa was speechless.
“Aren’t you looking forward to your own wedding?” Theresa expressed her confusion. Wasn’t it every woman’s dream to have a romantic and memorable wedding of their own?
Why did she not seem excited at all?
It’s not that Dolores was unhappy or disliked getting married. As a matter of fact, because she went through so much, everything had already quiet down for her.
“If this was seven years ago, I would be so excited that I wouldn’t get a wink of sleep. Marriage is a huge deal for a woman, but see, me and him have already been living like a married couple all these years. Marriage now is just for show and to announce our relationship to the outside world,” said Dolores.
Theresa gave it more thought and realized where she was coming from. Dolores and Matthew were already spending their lives together like a married couple, not to mention they were also a father and mother of two children. Theresa gazed at her baby bump and touched it, “The two of you really resemble an old couple, you’re already on your third child.”
“Why didn’t he ask me to design your wedding wardrobe, does he not think highly of me? Are my designs poor to him?” Theresa had wanted to be Dolores’ designer.
Dolores looked at her, “I guess he didn’t want to trouble you, and you’re still wounded. I told him to take full responsibility of this.”
"Alright." Theresa glanced at the time, “Why haven't the two kids come back yet?”
After Jayden and Kevin rested for a day from when they came home, they took the two children for a day out today. It was noon when they left, and now night had almost come.
“Will they be back for dinner? It's almost six o'clock,” Theresa asked.
Dolores was none the wiser, they didn’t leave her a note on whether they will be back in time for dinner.
“Your husband hasn't returned home for two days. Did something happen?” Theresa asked again.
Dolores didn't think too much about this because she knew very well that even if something happened, she wouldn’t be of much help. All she could do was to take good care of the family so that there was no need for him to worry. That was why she chose not to pursue the issue any further.
In fact, even if she didn’t ask, she could predict that it had something to do with Declan Bailey. After all, this was the only matter that had not been completely resolved.
What she didn't expect was that Declan would frame Boyce, and he was under investigation.
That evening, the two children only came home after they had dinner, Matthew didn't return either. Only Dolores and Theresa had their meal together.
Theresa uttered, “Usually the two kids would be at home. It feels so quiet without them around.”
Dolores also felt that this villa was huge, but it became fully occupied now that Jayden and Kevin were home. The two children had moved to their rooms upstairs, so they were given the vacant bedrooms downstairs to stay in.
Jayden and Kevin initially planned to move back into the old house, but Dolores was afraid that Jayden would be affected by Victoria Forbis’ presence. In the end, she had let them live in the villa. With the frequent company of the children, the two elderly would feel less lonely.
“Have you called Uncle?” Theresa ate a braised eggplant.
It was Dolores’ wedding, and Oscar Adams should be notified about this.
Dolores spoke, “I’ll call after dinner.”
Ever since a caretaker was hired, housework became much more manageable. The two children had grown up as well, there was no need for Dolores to bathe them and help them with other things anymore. Even though she was more relaxed now, but she felt more tired as the days went by.
Perhaps it was due to the growing months of her pregnancy. 
After she showered, she laid on the bed and tried to called Oscar, but it didn’t get through to him.
She waited awhile before she rang him up again, but the line remained busy, and the call couldn’t connect.
She frowned and wondered why the call wasn’t answered, then she put down her phone and planned to call again tomorrow. It was possible that he had a bad signal in his area today.
She slept later during the two nights Matthew wasn’t around, she couldn’t get used to not having someone beside her.
Although she didn’t want to be a bother to him, Dolores couldn’t help but worry for his safety. She was afraid that he had met with some danger at his job.
No matter how long she laid in bed, she just couldn’t fall asleep. She really wanted to give him a call but hesitated in the end as she didn’t want to disturb him.
She rolled in bed until the late hours, when she eventually fell asleep, and woke up really early in the morning.
However, the day that had just dawned wasn’t a normal one.
Something big happened in City B.
Many had gathered at the entrance of the city hall. Those people did not come from City B, but they were rural people who arrived from the mountainous areas.
The elderly people and mostly women were demanding an explanation from the Government and even held up banners.
It didn’t seem like an incident that would just happen overnight, someone must’ve planned for this demonstration. These group of people tip toed their way into City B and assembled in front of the City Hall, even the media only reported such a happening when they learnt about this at first hand.
A major media channel conducted a live interview at the scene, and a female reporter held a microphone in her hand while she interviewed someone.
“Excuse me, where are you from and why are you causing trouble here?”
The interviewee was a middle-aged woman in her forties. The woman was thin and had a dark skin, two children stood beside her. The woman spoke with a strong local accent, "We are not making any trouble."
The reporter asked, "Then what are you doing here?"
The middle-aged woman explained, “We just want an explanation.”
The reporter questioned again, “What explanation are you seeking for?”
The middle-aged woman replied, “I am from X province，N county, and my husband was an ordinary bricklayer. He was killed by a construction collapse fifteen years ago.”
The reporter had a puzzled expression, “An accident that happened fifteen years ago should have been resolved by the party who was responsible for the matter exactly fifteen years earlier, why have you come here?”
“It is because this was settled fifteen years ago.” this time the child who was who stood next to the middle-aged woman answered. She looked like a sixteen- or seventeen-year-old. She was only one or two years old when her father died, “The reason why we’re here is to report a senior officer who visited N county fifteen years ago to the Government.”
The reporter handed the microphone to the girl who was talking, “What on earth is going on, can you tell us why you want to report this officer?”
#####Chapter 626 An Unusual Day
"I don’t think many people are aware about N county, it’s a relatively undeveloped area. Fifteen years ago, the Government dispatched a group of officers to inspect the countryside. In order to pass the inspection, the count magistrate searched for a group of artisans to build a school. At the time, we didn’t have a school in the area, the children in the village all learned from a sister who received education and they would go to her house. With no books or a blackboard, they depended on her knowledge that was delivered verbally, and they would just listen.
It was impossible to construct a school in such a short period, and everyone was unwilling to work under such time restrictions. They felt like they were doing more harm to their own children, a school is meant to be a place for them to learn after all. On the other hand, these officers couldn’t care less about their concerns, they would bring in their men to bash our homes and cause a scene. Thinking about how these officers would make our lives difficult, they were forced to start the project. The building materials that they had were of poor quality, and the scaffoldings and concretes collapsed halfway through construction. My father and four other constructors were killed in that incident.”
The reporter followed, “Why wasn’t there a school at the time? The higher ups would have funded for the institution.”
The teenager gave a crooked smile, “I think the funds ended up in someone’s pocket.”
What she said was vague but self-explanatory.
Everyone could tell what she meant by that.
The interviewer pressed on for more questions, “How was this matter handled during the time? Didn’t the inspectors resolve the issue on the papers?”
“It was already resolved. Not only did the inspector not take it to the papers, but even aided the culprit in concealing the truth.”
Up till that point, everyone already knew what this demonstration was all about.
“How was the issue settled then? Was there any compensation that was made to the deceased?” the reporter queried.
This time an elderly came up to the front and said, “Since when was there any compensation, and not only that, but they also forbade us from letting this news out. For anyone who opened their mouth about the matter, their houses would’ve been taken down.”
The reported widened her eyes upon learning such news, that was too much!
Technology wasn’t as advanced back then, there was no such thing as the internet. On top of that, they were in the mountainous areas, which was easily hidden from sight.
The elderly started to shed tears, “I only had one son, and his life was taken away in that accident. I want them to address this matter, apart from ignoring the issue, they punched and kicked us and threatened us with words.”
As the old woman lifted her sleeves, there was a big scar on his arm about ten centimetres long, “They did this to me with a hoe.”
Although the scar had healed, but due to improper treatment, it didn’t heal smoothly and looked rather hideous.
“We are all family members of the deceased at the time. We didn’t come to make any trouble or start an argument. Even though it has been a long time, we still want justice to be served for the ones who passed on." The old woman wiped her tears, her face was full of wrinkles, and the palm of her hand was rough. No one could bear such a sight.
After the publicity by the media, the incident went viral in a mere two hours, and it the higher ups were quick to notice.
Netizens were deeply involved in the news, and they wondered who the officer in charge of the inspection was fifteen years ago.
This was what everyone was most concerned about, even the county magistrate at that time did not pay much attention to it. People hated those who helped the evildoer even more.
Someone deliberately circulated the information about the officer in charge then over the internet.
The net today was well established, thus the news got out so fast that it caught people off guard, it was impossible to make any cover ups anymore.
Once people started to pick up on the officer’s information, they would continue to dig deeper into the incident, they wanted to know about the wellbeing of that officer.
Everyone was more well informed now, they started to show indignance.
All kinds of thing had been said.
“Someone like that should just die already, how is this person worthy of serving the people? This is really the devil in disguise.”
“How did such a person secure his or her position today?”
A random person responded, “This person has no guilty conscience at all!”
“Such people are better off dead, that poor elderly! If this happened fifteen years ago, those kids were only one or two years old when they lost their father. At the same time, the wife had also lost her husband and the mother, her son. This is really tragic.”
“That’s right, I really want to kill these black-hearted bastards!”
“These people are not humans, but they are the devil. They oppressed the powerless and took advantage of them. They should have received punishment of the olden times, decapitation using five horse carriages.”
Very quickly the county-level officials at the time were also discovered. When the matter went out of control and spread too quickly, the higher ups were swift to calm the people down temporarily. They then announced that an investigation will take place, if this was true, the relevant officers would be severely punished!
Everyone commented one after another
“I hope justice will be served!”
“I believe the Government will give us a satisfactory explanation. If this were to be true, I hope that person gets shot dead, this is detestable!”
Today was destined to not be an ordinary day, this incident has aroused the attention of everyone in the nation.
The Bailey family were also in a hot discussion on the matter.
Even the daughter and son of the Bailey family were not aware of such happenings.
“Is this true or false?” Declan asked his mother.
Mrs. Bailey’s face was ghastly, she trembled and nodded, “This is true.”
“How could father do such a thing?” with no hesitation, the fifth daughter stood up. She didn’t dare to believe that her father was someone this heartless.
They only knew their father placed more importance on boys than girls, but never did he come across as such a person.
“This is unthinkable.” the second daughter too, was in disbelief that her father was this inhuman.
Mrs. Meyer sat in the corner without uttering a word and made no comments either. As a daughter, she had to obey her mother whenever she was called upon, but she never once thought about doing anything for her father.
She even resented why she had to be born into this family.
“Someone must be framing him, otherwise how did this incident from such a long time ago resurface again? Everything was exposed in such a detailed manner.” Although Mrs. Bailey was horrified at the time, as a good wife she remained rather composed, “With the situation now unsalvageable, someone must be behind all of this.”
Those people showed up out of nowhere and exposed the incident through media channels, the interviews that happened on-site streamed how pitiful the victims were to garner sympathy from the viewers. Now the public demanded for an official statement by the Government and gave them immense pressure as the full story unravelled, which threw them completely off guard.
It would be unfeasible for this incident to spread like a wildfire if there wasn’t a mastermind.
“Did father offend anybody?” Declan asked.
Mrs. Bailey shook her head, “I’m not too sure myself, it is inevitable to avoid conflicts in the officialdom. Even so, no matter how bad it may have been, it wouldn’t drive someone to dig up such a past.”
“We shouldn’t be cracking our heads the cause of things right now, but we ought to find a solution. For a case gone wild, once the truth is verified, punishment will be unquestionable.”
The authorities would take serious action for the matter to appease the hearts of the people after such a havoc.
“My sisters, our father is in trouble, we have to figure out some way to save him,” Athena Bailey, the eldest daughter of the family, announced to her sisters.
“What can we do?” Breenda Bailey, the second daughter of the family, returned a question.
Her husband disagreed on letting her come over, when she answered his call, he even said to her, “How are you his daughter?”
The husband was clearly unhappy about this issue.
If the choice was given to her, she wouldn’t want to be part of this patriarchal family.
It’s not that she was cold hearted and didn’t care for her father, but the fact that she didn’t grow up in the Bailey family, it was natural for her to not feel so attached to them. Her parents paid very little attention to her, and she had never experienced the warmth of kinship. Her husband and Alan were no different, both of them were alpha males, and they never bothered to build a relationship with the Bailey family.
“My husband is not a high-ranking official, I don’t think we would be of much help. I’ll be taking my leave, I still have some matters to settle at home,” Breenda had expressed her she felt.
Declan was infuriated and stopped her, “Breenda, you’re still one of father’s children, do you have any conscience left? You don’t even care about him.”
#####Chapter 627 An Express Parcel
“Conscience? What even is conscience? Tell me!”, Breenda had a strong temper and spoke straightforwardly, “A person with a conscience will never do such a thing!”
Declan was angry, but couldn’t refute it. He couldn’t find any words to refute it.
“You are Dad’s daughter; you have an obligation.” Declan could only find these words to refute after a long time.
Breenda laughed sneeringly, “What is my obligation? Is my obligation to protect someone who has no principles and no conscience?”
Mrs. Bailey slammed a hand on the table, “Look at how you are talking? He is your father!”
Breenda turned her head to look at her mother, “He is my father? Has he ever shown me fatherly love? Has he ever treated me as a daughter? I have grown up this much without ever feeling fatherly love, let alone the warmth of family.”
Mrs. Bailey was tongue-tied. Indeed, because their eldest daughter was born, they wanted to have a son the second time. However, another daughter was born again so she was placed in foster care at her older brother’s house.
It was easily imaginable that her life could not have been good under someone else’s roof.
“I don’t have the ability to handle this situation. If you are willing to admit that I am your daughter then admit it. If you are not willing to do so, then act like you didn’t give birth to me. In any case, you didn’t raise me.” She turned around and left.
As she walked to the door, she stopped for a moment and turned to look at her younger sisters sitting in the living room, “If you want to take care of this, I won’t stop you. If you want to acknowledge me as your sister, then do that. If you don’t want to do so, I won’t complain. Call me as your sister when we meet and we will still be sisters. If you guys are not willing, then we can just be strangers when we meet, and ignore each other.”
“Breenda…”Eunice Bailey, the fifth daughter of the family, wanted to persuade her.
“There is no need to say anything anymore! Even though we are from the same womb, and it is true that we are sisters, we cannot interfere with each other’s personal thoughts and behavior. I have already made myself clear, if you cannot bear to see me, just treat me like a stranger and treat me like the one if we never know each other.” The Breenda interrupted the Eunice.
After speaking, she continued to walk away, her footsteps straight-forward and decisive.
At this time, Maisy also stood up, “Alan is famous and known by everyone. I won’t say much now. He is my father and I will not comment on what is right or wrong. Alan will definitely not be meddling in this matter and I should leave if I can’t be of much help.”
“Maisy, you also don’t care about your dad?” Athena looked at her in disappointment.
Maisy said anxiously in a hurry, “It’s not that I don’t care, it’s that I cannot take care of it. You tell me, how can I handle this?” 
Athena had nothing to say. Everyone knew that Alan was famous in the circle.
After this incident, everyone’s eyes were glued to these people related to the Bailey family and were paying attention to their every move. If there was even a slight mistake, they were going to be involved and criticized.
Athena had nothing left to say. However, children raised at home by their own parents naturally had better feelings for their parents than children raised outside.
She wanted to resolve this matter for the fear that their father was going to go to jail.
“These past few years, I and Alan have never been angry at each other. We also don’t have a son, just simply have a daughter. He loves and cherishes me and his daughter very much. I won’t do anything to embarrass him. Mom, I ask you and all the sisters to please forgive me.” Maisy made herself absolutely clear. She was never going to let her husband get involved for the sake of her father.
“You are a brute! You don’t even care about Dad’s safety!” Declan threw the table angrily.
Several sisters couldn’t help but look at him.
“How can you talk like that?” Daphne Bailey, the forth daughter of the family, was very dissatisfied with this.
No matter what, they were all born from the same parents and were siblings. How could he curse her?
“Maisy has already made it clear why she cannot intervene; how can you curse her? You are such a spoiled son, don’t you even have any moral integrity?” Daphne was panting with rage and had already disliked Declan for a long time. He was the only younger brother who had no respect for his sisters.
If it wasn’t for their father, she wouldn’t have been sitting here.
“All of you stop fighting!” Mrs. Bailey’s chest rose and fell quickly in anger. Although, she knew her daughter’s reason, she still felt angry. However, thinking about Alan’s identity, she extinguished her anger and talked nicely to her daughter.
“Maisy! Alan’s identity must be of a little help…”
Maisy interrupted her mother, “You must have heard about the way Alan is, he will not interfere. It will not be of any use even if I ask him. If you want to see us getting a divorce, then I will go back and argue with him. I will do as you say.”
Maisy deliberately left the decision with Mrs. Bailey.
As long as she cared about her daughter even a little bit in her heart, she wasn’t going to let her family break apart.
Mrs. Bailey had no word’s left to say.
Except for the eldest daughter and the youngest son, she had not fulfilled her responsibilities as the mother for the rest of the daughters. She merely gave birth to them, never shown them love and care.
“Leave, if you want to. Do you think we cannot save him without you?” Declan couldn’t see his mother embarrassed like that.
Maisy bowed a bit to her mother and said towards her sisters who were staying, “What I did may be wrong, but please forgive me.”
The sisters were all very reasonable and responded, “Go back. We know it is difficult for you. In fact, each of our families has its own difficulties. It’s just that no matter what happened, he is our father. We may have a thousand complaints about him, but we can’t disregard him completely. We will find a way, don’t worry.”  
When her sisters said this, it insinuated that she did not care about her family. However, she still did not regret her decision.
She turned around and walked out of the house feeling indescribable.
She hated what her father did, but as his daughter she was not in a position to criticize him.
She returned home by car and composed her mood before entering the house. She didn’t want to bring the negative emotions home because of her father.
Alan was still not home from work. The only person present in the house was their daughter. Maisy asked her, “How come only you are here, where is Charles?”
“I don’t know. He went out after receiving an express parcel. I don’t know where he went.” Tiana said. She wrote the last word of calligraphy, put down the pen and looked up at Maisy’s face only to find that her complexion did not look good. She asked, “What is wrong, Mom?”
Maisy shook her head hurriedly, “Nothing. I will go lie down in the bedroom for a while.” Quickly, she thought about another matter, “Tiana, when are you guys going back to the White City?”
She didn’t want her daughter to stay here at all because she felt like this place was not suitable for living.
Bad things always happened here.
Tiana said, “Wait, Charles still has some matters to attend to. It will still take a few days before we can go back.”
Last time Charles went to Matthew with the intention of cooperating with him, but Matthew had avoided him and hadn’t met with him.
Even if he couldn’t cooperate with Matthew, he couldn’t just quit otherwise people were going to treat him as a bully. Up until now, Tom had not been discharged. Although it wasn’t life-threatening, but the injury was serious. How could he not get revenge for his own people?
He hadn’t been idle these days. While sending people to investigate Declan, he exploited his relationship with Alan to get a few people with status connected.
He was going to find an opportunity to retaliate against Declan. However, at this moment he received a courier.
#####Chapter 628 Inheritance of the Evil Genes
This delivery did not indicate the sender’s name.
It contained a document, and also a USB flash drive. The content of the USB flash drive was a video of Declan Bailey and some men at the seaside. The footage clearly recorded that Declan ordered someone to sink John Kinney into the sea. The document was also some evidences of Declan’s crime.
He was investigating Declan in order to find the evidence of his crime; but now, it was sent to him spontaneously.
For a moment, he wasn’t able to guess who gave it to him.
He didn’t think of Matthew Nelson. He was well aware that Matthew wouldn’t like to do things with him, so he subconsciously removed him as a possibility.
However, what he didn’t expect would be that Matthew was the one who sent him the delivery.
Although he didn’t like Charles White, he would take advantage of things when it’s time.
Borrowing other people’s hands to achieve his own goal was a common technique used by Matthew.
He wouldn’t treat an enemy’s enemy as a friend, but could be as a cannon fodder.
Knowing that Charles’ men suffered from Declan last time, he understood that Charles wouldn’t suffer in silence.
If it was Declan who messed with his men, he also wouldn’t just leave it alone.
Just like this time when Declan framed Boyce Shawn. Initially, the plan wasn’t supposed to be carried out now, as the chance wasn’t matured yet; however, he still did it.
Right now, Old Mr. Roger Bailey was definitely embroiled since the truth had broken out. Many people were looking at them, and it wouldn’t be easy for him to run from the sanctions of the law this time.
At this critical point, if the evidence of Declan was revealed, it would undoubtedly worsen the situation.
He believed that Charles was a smart man, and knew what to do.
Just as he expected, after Charles received the delivery, he would be curious of the sender, but he knew better that this was good opportunity not to be missed.
Although it would be difficult for Old Mr. Bailey to emancipate himself for the time being, he could not allow miracles to happen, so he had to grab this opportunity.
After getting the evidence, he didn’t blindly go to find the sender, but rather went to find those thugs in the video.
The thugs would be interrogated. Of course, they wouldn’t tell kindly, but after using some means, they would confess, and the confessions would be recorded in order to prevent them from defecting when they would testify.
After the evidences were sufficient and preparations were well, he would then go find those who provided the information.
If it wasn’t that something happened to Old Mr. Bailey, who would dare mess with Declan easily? This could be perceived as when a person faced setbacks, other people would grab this opportunity to attack him until he totally lost. They couldn’t wait to make the situation worse.
Politics and market were the same; both were like war, as they were fighting for their own interests.
The next after the matter of Old Mr. Bailey got exposed, people from the prosecutor’s office came and took Declan away.
However, this seemingly secretive matter had already been known by the big media; they waited outside of the Bailey family’s house, and captured the first photo.
If yesterday’s matter was already shocking, then today’s was even more unbelievable.
The netizens started guessing that did his son do something bad like his father?
When everyone’s curiosity reached the peak, someone on the internet posted a video of Declan sinking a person.
As things build up to this point, it was totally uncontrollable now.
Soon, the person handling the case of Declan provided a statement saying that Declan was to be detained and investigated after someone had filed a report.
The authenticity of the video footage remained to be verified.
Everyone must not guess malevolently.
The current state of internet was too advanced. Just a slight disturbance, it would quickly spread around. Not everyone could treat it rationally, believing what they had seen, but this was already the truth.
That’s why on the internet, it became a one-sided situation.
They all condemned the Bailey father and son.
Netizens’ comments were full of insults.
‘Children will follow the example set by their parents. This saying must be made for this Bailey father and son in which both the father and son being conscienceless.’ This comment was liked 500,000 times.
'This is the evil in the blood which must be punished severely. It’s better to have the person be castrated in order to avoid the inheritance of the evil genes.’
Someone replied, 'There is nothing wrong with your thinking ‘smiley face’'
'He should be thrown into the sea and be fed to the sharks.'
'This father and son duo is made for each other.'
'Hurry up and shoot this garbage.'
'I heard that Declan is his late son, very spoiled. Children truly shouldn’t be pampered.'
'This Declan has six older sisters; he is the only male child. He is coddled very much and got used to it; he would rely on his father’s influence and do anything. The nightclub at Central Road is his.'
Someone replied, 'How do you know?'
The original poster, 'I had worked at that night club before; of course I know some of the things inside.'
Replied, 'What else do you know? Let’s hear about it?'
The original poster, 'There had been a murder case at that nightclub. It was a young lady. Since she was just new, she was disobedient. Declan ganged her up. They played particularly weird, and then killed her.'
Replied, 'Oh shit, that is so inhumane.'
Replied, 'Quickly cut this man a thousand times.'
Replied, 'Do you have proof?'
The original poster, 'Of course I have.'
Replied, 'Send it out, and let us have a look at it.'
The original poster, 'I dare not; I’m afraid to be revenged.'
Replied, 'We will protect you, so send out the evidence of his crime.'
The original poster, ‘scared emoticon’
Replied, 'We support you.'
Replied, 'Yes, yes. Send it out quickly.'
Inciting everyone’s curiosity to the highest level, the original poster replied, 'I will send it out, and then everyone please forward it to others to let more people see. When more people have seen it, they won’t dare to get revenge on me.'
'We will, so don’t worry.'
At this time, the original poster released a three-minute video. It had woman’s thigh, and the video was very obscure, but the scene was faintly visible. It left quite some imagination to the viewers.
The more eye-catching the thing was, the faster it would spread.
After a series of incidents, some of the Bailey family's daughters, who were about to rescue their father, were caught off guard. The old father's incident had not yet been resolved, and now the younger brother was also taken away.
Mrs. Bailey couldn’t endure it for a while, and then she passed out.
Without the backbone of the family, the entire Bailey family became a mess.
The Meyer family.
As Alan Meyer returned, he called Charles to go to his study room, and didn’t allow anyone to go in.
“You did the thing regarding Declan?” Alan asked. Although it was a question, it was in a very sure tone.
These days, Charles had been going outside. Leaving early and returning late, he was also close with some of his colleagues.
Charles didn’t hide it, “You think I had done wrong, Dad?”
Alan didn’t say anything.
“Because it’s the truth, you can’t refute it anymore, Dad?” Charles looked at him, and said frankly, “I won’t hide it from you, but please don’t tell mother.”
Nevertheless, Declan was her little brother, and he didn’t want the two of them to be estranged due to this matter.
Alan sighed, “I won’t tell her.”
Charles was also very sincere, “Dad, I am disabled person. To let my followers to be committed to me, I have to work harder than an average person; I cannot let them be disappointed in me.”
“I understand.” Alan couldn’t say he’s wrong.
A boss who knew how to protect his subordinates would make his employees feel safe and belonging.
“Declan cannot escape the sanctions of the law for what he did. If it wasn’t, nobody would ever mess with him.” Charles said.
#####Chapter 629 Love is not for Oneself
“After Tom’s injury gets better, you guys go back to White City.” Alan was afraid dragged him into this.
Charles knew he was doing for the good of himself, but how could he walk away reassuringly without seeing the result of this matter?
“You have done enough.” Alan sat on the chair, “Superiors had created a task force to investigate on this incident. Once verified with conclusive evidence, even the reincarnation of God couldn’t save them, so there is no need for you to stay in this mess.”
After hearing the severity of this incident, Charles asked, “Are you in the task force?”
Alan shook his head, “All of them were sent from the top. I have relations with the Bailey family, so they wouldn’t include me. This time, the superiors are very focus on this matter, as it has gotten bad. If the situation goes worst, I might also be investigated.”
“This is so serious?” Charles frowned slightly, and had probably known the result of this incident.
“At this juncture, the superiors have been deliberately intimidating the officials below.” Making brutal examples for others to see, the government would also use such methods.
After all, the crackdown on underworld forces measures, issued by the government, had just come to an end, and then this sort of thing happened. This equated to a slap to their face, and had to be punished severely.
“This time, you have to listen to me. You have to go back as early as possible to avoid you being affected.”
Alan understood the seriousness of this incident.
“About those officials whom you have relations with, I will deal with them. You don’t need to worry about it and just take Tiana Meyer to White City and have a simple life.” Alan stretched his hand and patted his shoulder, “Don’t let me worry.”
Charles only thought about himself at that time, and didn’t take Alan into account. He knew Alan’s character and his relationship with Mrs. Meyer, so he didn't tell Alan. Instead, he did things behind his back to find people around him by using Alan and his identity as relationship. Now thinking of what he had done, it gave Alan quite a lot of trouble. After all, his personality was famous in the circle, but he had tarnished his name.
“I’m sorry.”
“We are one family; that phrase sounded like a stranger.” Alan appreciated Charles, and at the same time, loved him as a son-in-law.
Knock-knock——
The door was knocked this time; Tiana’s voice could be heard, “Dad, Charles, it’s time to eat.”
“I hear you.” Alan said to his daughter.
“Let’s go out and eat.” Alan walked up front to open the order for Charles to come out easily.
Dinner was prepared by Tiana. The news was so sensational that it’s hard to keep Mrs. Meyer from knowing. Regardless, something happened to the people who were related to her by blood. She was in bad mood, and was just lying at the bed inside not coming out.
Alan let them eat first, “I’ll go see your mother.”
Afterwards, Alan walked inside the room. Mrs. Meyer was lying at the bed as if she was sick; she had not much energy, and looked entirely weary.
Alan sat by the edge of the bed, “The kids are here; get up and eat something.”
“I don’t have the appetite. I cannot really eat anything.” Mrs. Meyer said softly, and her voice sounded weak.
Alan sighed, “How about I quit my job, and let’s go with the kids and live at White City?”
Mrs. Meyer immediately sat up, “How can you do that?”
She knew clearly that her husband was someone with aspirations and ideals, and that was also what she admired.
An honest person willing to do work with integrity was now hard to find. She held her husband’s hand, “Did I affect you?”
Alan stared, “You and I are a couple. There’s nothing to be affected.”
Mrs. Meyers wasn’t stupid. This incident was very serious. Whoever had relations with the Bailey family, they would probably be implicated.
“Mom, Dad, can I come in?”
Tiana was knocking the door from the outside.
“Come in.” Mrs. Meyer let go of her husband’s hand and spoke.
Tiana opened the door, and took the tray from Charles’ hands then walked in. On the tray was food, “Mom, you eat something. You didn’t eat lunch, so you have to eat dinner or you would starve.”
Mrs. Meyer reluctantly smiled, “It’s better to have a daughter.”
Tiana placed the food on the table by the bed, “I cooked what you like to eat, so hurry up and eat.”
Mrs. Meyer first drank water.
“Mom, you come live with us in White City.” Charles said.
Mrs. Meyer knew that he was caring about her; she felt warmth in her heart, and was relieved, "I will not be going. If I leave, your dad will be alone. I have to accompany him. You guys are going, right? When will you guys go? If you want to leave, go quickly; this whole place now is a mess."
Mrs. Meyer also hoped them to quickly return to White City.
Charles said, “We’ll leave in two days.”
He understood that Tiana was her father-in-law and mother-in-law’s beloved daughter, so he was willing to take Tiana with him.
Tiana looked at Charles, “Why did you decide to leave? You didn’t even tell me?”
Charles laughed, “Are there still things you haven’t done?”
“There is.” Tiana thought for a while, “Before we go, I want to bid farewell with Dolores.”
“Which Dolores?” Mrs. Meyer was confused for a while.
She didn’t know who she’s pertaining to.
However, Charles immediately knew who she was referring to, and his eyes fell down, “Let’s not go.”
Tiana didn’t understand why Charles wouldn’t want to go, “Don’t you want to see Dolores?”
Charles said in contrary to his will, “I don’t want to.”
“Who are you guys talking about?” Mrs. Meyer looked at them, and the appearance of Dolores Flores flashed in her mind. Last time, when something happened to Charles, her daughter also stayed there overnight. She suddenly realized, “Oh, you guys mean her.”
Tiana strongly nodded, “Dolores has daughter at home. She was very beautiful and cute. I really like her.”
“Do you like kids?” Mrs. Meyer asked.
Tiana nodded thoughtlessly, “Yeah.”
Mrs. Meyer looked at Charles and smiled, “Then you two hurry up and have a baby. I will then take care of the baby for you.”
Charles was uncomfortable like a young man who hadn’t grown up, scratched his head and said, “You eat first.”
Tiana knew that Charles still liked Dolores, and said, “I don’t want to have a baby.”
Mrs. Meyer felt that this was not good, ‘How could they not have a baby?’
“I don’t want to have a baby now.” Tiana explained. Mrs. Meyer glared at her, “You scared me.”
The next day, Tiana let Charles bring her to bid goodbye with Dolores.
Charles now wanted to restrain his feelings, and tried not to go; however, Tiana was very determined, so he went.
They chose the time at afternoon. The time during afternoon was much longer, and could also prevent having lunch.
After arriving at the mansion, he didn’t get off the car, and let Tiana go by herself.
Tiana pulled him, “We were able to successfully find someone to exchange you. Dolores also helped out. Aren’t you going say at least thank you to her?”
Charles looked at Tiana helplessly, “Tiana, you clearly know that I like her, and you still want me to make contact with her. Won’t you be jealous?”
Tiana said, “I would be envious of Dolores. You like her so much. I know that you wanted to see her, but you are just holding it. I like to see you happy. If you’re happy, so am I.”
Charles suddenly realized that he wasn’t as straightforward as her, ‘Seeing the person you like being happy, isn’t that happiness?’
‘Why does it have to forcibly take possession of others for it to be considered love?’
He reached out his hand and held her in his arms, “Promise me to stay with me all along.”
Tiana also hugged him, and said, “I will always stay with you, watching your hair turning white and becoming an old master.”
Charles pinched her face, “If I grew old, won’t you grow old as well?”
“I won’t grow old; I’m probably going to be like this forever.” Tiana said laughingly.
“Let’s get out of the car.” Tiana pushed open the car door.
Charles said okay.
When they had gotten off the car, some cars drove to the side of the road.
#####Chapter 630 Diamond Crown
The car stopped at the roadside and three black luxury cars also came to a halt. There were seven or eight people getting out of the cars.
“What are they doing?” Tiana who stood behind Charles White looked at those people and asked.
Charles shook his head as he also had no idea who they were.
They carried some small and large boxes from the carriage and one of the boxes looked like the kind of metal lockbox that was used to load the valuable things.
Each of them carried one box towards the villa.
“Let’s follow them in.” Tiana said.
Charles also wanted to see what these people were doing, so he nodded and followed them into the front yard of the villa. The person at the front rang the doorbell.
Coral was the one who opened the door. Because of yesterday’s news, Dolores Flores probably knew what Matthew Nelson went to do in the past few days, but he still didn’t come back. She was worried about him, so she didn’t sleep much at night and woke up early in the morning. She thought that he should be back, but he didn’t return until noon. After she had eaten something, she felt sleepy and went upstairs to take a nap.
In the living room, Jayden Nelson and Andrew Nelson were playing chess while Theresa Gordon and Kevin were accompanying Amanda Nelson to play poker game.
The air conditioner was switched on and it made the house cool. Lucy was washing fruit in the kitchen as they would eat fruit half an hour after having lunch.
When the doorbell was rung, everyone unconsciously glanced at the door as they thought Matthew was back since he didn’t return for a few days.
Coral also thought so. However, the person standing outside the door wasn’t the one they expected when the door opened.
“Who are you?” Coral asked warily.
“We are from insurance company.” The man who wore a black suit stood straight and looked handsome, with white gloves on his hands, “We were entrusted by Mr. Nelson to deliver the things here.”
“Insurance company?” Even though Coral was doubtful, she was familiar with the words ‘Mr. Nelson’.
“We are LEO Corporation’s staff,” The other four people said.
Theresa reacted quickly as she immediately knew what these people were doing once she heard they were LEO Corporation’s staff. Dolores told she was going to hold a wedding with Matthew, so there must be a lot of wedding supplies to be purchased.
Was her wedding gown being customized in LEO Corporation?
She put down the poker cards in her hand and patted Amanda, “Go upstairs and call your mommy to come down.”
The little girl was obedient, she put down the playing cards and ran upstairs.
Theresa was afraid she would fall and instructed her to be slower.
There were a total of eight people and soon a dozen people came in, coupled with Charles and Tiana.
Luckily the place was big enough so it didn’t look crowded.
“When do you come over?” Charles asked when he saw Kevin.
“It’s Matthew wedding. How can I be absent?” he said.
Charles was suddenly enlightened and seemed to know what these people roughly did in an instant.
“How come you came over?” Kevin asked him.
Charles was out of his mind and he just recovered his wits when Tiana touched him with her hand. Then he tilted his head to look at her and asked, “What’s wrong?”
Kevin looked at him with doubts and curiosity, and said, “I’m asking you, how come you came over here.”
He said, “I accompany Tiana over here and we’re going back to White City. She is here to bade farewell to Lo …Ms. Flores.”
He was about to say ‘Lola’, but he promptly swallowed the word and changed it to ‘Ms. Flores’.
Andrew also stopped playing chess with Jayden, then ran over and wanted to see what was packed in the box.
As Dolores was pulled by her daughter to come downstairs, she just saw so many people in the living room.
Amanda didn’t notice Tiana before she went upstairs. When she came downstairs, she just saw her and shouted in surprise, “Tiana.”
Dolores looked over and saw Charles and Tiana.
She greeted calmly, “You guys have come over.”
Charles slightly tilted his head and watched her walking down stairs, holding her daughter’s hand and holding the handrail of the stairs. She looked careful and her protruding stomach could be clearly seen as she wore a skirt.
Although she still looked drowsy, he could feel that she had a good time as her face was full of tenderness and happiness.
“We come over to say goodbye to you. We have planned to return to White City initially and just heard coincidentally that you’re going to hold a wedding. I think it might be delayed. You’ll hand me the invitation card, right?” he said with a smile.
“Will do, we’re friends.” She also smiled, then walked over and asked, “What are these?”
Theresa said, “Of course they’re all for you.”
“For me?” she was still a little unconvinced.
“Are you Dolores, Ms. Flores?” One of the people who carried the lockbox asked.
She nodded, “Yes, I’m.”
“Open them all.” They stood in a row and opened each of their boxes one by one.
They put them in front of her.
Then everyone was stunned.
Only Jayden was extremely calm.
Inside the lockbox, there was a glittered crown, which was placed in a black velvet.
Theresa pointed on it, “Are, are these diamonds on it?”
If it was all real, it would be too luxurious.
“Of course it’s real. This is what I bought from an auction in Country Y more than twenty years ago.”
“It’s a royal crown, and in 1959, Farrah who was just twenty-one years old married with the prince, Charlie Windsor. It was created for the wedding ceremony and it took six months to make the crown. It weighted one thousand six hundred grams, with one thousand four hundred and sixty-nine diamonds and thirty-six precious stones on it. The largest diamond in front of the crown reached one hundred and fifty carats, making it luxurious and valuable.
In 1983, this crown was sold to the auction house in Country Y and was auctioned off in 1990s. At that time, it was taken by an anonymous person in China at a price of fourteen million four hundred thousand dollars. The news was even spread and many people were speculating who was that person.
Due to the secrecy, the outsiders didn’t know exactly who had bought it, they just knew he was a local person. There was even a speculation, which the person was a female tycoon.
He had intended to give Victoria Forbis this crown as he bought it. Even though two of them were couple, he never confessed his love to her.
This was the biggest regret in his life.
He stored the crown in an insurance company abroad and he asked someone to send it back when he knew that Matthew was going to get married with Dolores.
Jayden also entrusted someone to find out the necklace and earrings that were matched with this crown, but the other party wasn’t willing to sell them. In the end the owner was persuaded in an unknown way to sell them.
“Tsk-tsk.”
Theresa couldn’t help but smacked her lips.
“I also like it.” Amanda blinked her eyes as it was indeed shining.
Jayden stroked her head, “Ask your mommy to pass it on to you and wear it when you get married.”
“Wow, so happy.” She was full of excitement and wanted to grow up immediately, so she could put on this crown.
It was really beautiful.
The other box contained the necklace and earrings.
Inside the box of the LEO Corporation’s staff, there were wedding dress and gowns.
As Matthew knew LEO Corporation was the place where Dolores grew up, he specially asked Mrs. William to design the wedding dress for her.
Mrs. William was certainly willing.
At that exhibition last time, he had seen the beauty of Chinese wedding dress and he was impressed, but he felt that Dolores was more suitable for the flawless white as red colour was too flashy. She owned a more sedate personality, thus white colour suited her more perfectly.
There were a total of four sets, including Matthew’s suit, Dolores’s wedding dress and two sets of gowns.
They were all specially tailored as she was pregnant now.
“More than thirty of our masters rushed out them together within this half month.” LEO Corporation’s staff said.
As they knew Dolores, they spoke more cordially.
“Mrs. William gives you a letter also.”
#####Chapter 631 No Wonder Your Husband Likes You So Much
Dolores took the yellow envelope from her. Mrs. William didn’t know the language of this country and the letter was written in the language of Country A. But as Dolores had lived in Country A for many years, she was quite familiar with the country’s language.
She did not immediately tear it open and read it but looked at the wedding dress. Because the wedding dress was stacked in a special box, and it was impossible to see what it looked like.
Theresa was so eager to see Dolores in her wedding dress, "Try it on and see if it fits."
Dolores looked at her, "It will fit."
She had been at LEO Corporation for so many years. Mrs. William knew her figure well and had long been familiar with her preferences.
"Gee, we want to see how you look in the wedding dress. Mommy, just go ahead and try it on." Amanda tugged on Dolores' skirt and pouted, "Mommy, you'll look great in the wedding dress. Just wear it for us to see."
"Mommy, just try it on." Andrew was also looking forward to it.
"Dolores, just try it on. I want to see it too." Tiana said.
Dolores was helpless. If she didn't try it on, she would let them down. She could only nod and say, "Okay."
Theresa took the box and said, "I'll help you."
Dolores went to Theresa's room to try on the wedding dress. Theresa pulled the curtains closed and said, "Take the dress off your body."
They had lived together before and were close, and Dolores didn't feel embarrassed. Except for her underwear, she was wearing just a long dress, so she took it off easily.
Theresa picked up the wedding dress and turned around to see her in just her underwear. Her skin was very fair, and her body glowed in the light. Except for her bulging stomach, she had no excess fat on her arms or thighs and her whole body was slim. Her breasts were very erect, like two round white buns. Even if wrapped in underwear, she could see the attractive outline. Her buttocks were curved and rounded, and her groin was connected to her spine. Her shoulders and back were also exquisite as if they were painted perfectly, and even her waist had no extra fat growing out of pregnancy. She brought the wedding dress over, "No wonder your husband likes you so much."
Dolores looked at her speechlessly, "What are you talking about?"
Theresa leaned over to her ear, "I said you have a great figure. Even if you're pregnant, you still make people sexually aroused and impulsive. I'm a woman and I just love you, let alone a man."
Dolores was speechless.
The wedding dress was strapless with a large hemline that took up the entire room when spread out. Because she was pregnant, the wedding dress was not designed to accentuate her figure, but to be more ornate.
Below her breasts were layers of lace, covering her bulging belly. The edges of the dress were dotted with intricate patterns woven from soft satin and no superfluous decorations, looking simple and exquisite, luxurious and elegant.
"It looks good. The white really suits you and it fits." Theresa looked at her with light in her eyes, "Hurry up and go out and show it to your son and daughter."
Dolores looked down at the wedding dress she was wearing, and suddenly, the same mixed feelings she had when she was getting married welled up in her heart.
She had thought that she would never wear a wedding dress in her life.
But she was with the person she had thought she could never be with.
And they even had children.
It was true to the saying that things were hard to predict.
Theresa went to the front and opened the door, then returned to help her hold the skirt of her dress. The skirt was too big to get out of the doorway well.
Hearing the sound of the door opening, everyone turned their eyes over and tried to get a glimpse of Dolores.
And, Dolores did not disappoint the crowd in her wedding dress. She looked like someone who came out of a fairy tale.
She looked quiet and generous, gentle and beautiful.
Charles watched her walk out of the house, imagining that she was walking toward him, and his eyes were filled with unconcealed amazement and joy.
Tiana didn’t notice him but was focused on Dolores. Because she was so good-looking that she forgot about the people and things around her.
Kevin, however, noticed Charles's strange gaze. He was out of his mind for no reason when he just found out Dolores was getting married to Matthew. At that time, Kevin had a suspicion. He didn't expect that Charles really liked Dolores.
Otherwise, why would he have that look on his face?
"Mommy, you're beautiful." Amanda pounced over and touched the wedding dress, "When can I wear it?"
Her words made everyone laugh.
Because the wedding dress fit her well enough, Dolores did not try on the other two dresses.
The size was very accurate.
Dolores changed out of the wedding dress and put it back in the box.
All the stuff was temporarily put in the study. The rooms downstairs were full, so it was too much trouble to take them upstairs.
Theresa went to see the people who came to deliver the stuff out and had a few words with the people from LEO Corporation.
While Amanda was pulling Tiana to talk, Kevin called Charles aside, "Do you like Lola?"
Charles denied it, "I have a wife."
He didn't want to bring distress to others. Since they weren't meant to be, he just gave up on that idea.
Kevin looked at him for a moment, as if he was pondering whether his words were true or not.
"I hope you'll remember your words that you have a wife." Kevin didn't want him coveting his own nephew's wife.
And Dolores was his apprentice.
Andrew kept holding Dolores' hand and was afraid that if he let go of her hand, she would run away. He also kept lamenting, "It's too bad that your husband couldn’t see you in the wedding dress."
Dolores knocked him on the head, "How dare you say so?"
"Isn't he your husband?" After saying that, Andrew ran away for fear that she would hit him.
She sighed. Andrew was really getting disrespectful.
Charles had decided to attend Dolores' wedding, and he would be in White City for the next few days, so he stayed at the villa for a while in the afternoon and then left.
There were too many people and he didn't get a chance to talk to Dolores alone.
To avoid arousing suspicion, Dolores also deliberately did not make contact with him.
She couldn't pretend to know what he was thinking and still be in contact with him.
After all, they both already had their own families, and it was better for them to be distant.
And Tiana was such a simple child. She did not want Charles to hurt her.
On this day, Matthew still did not come back. Dolores lay in bed and thought of the letter Mrs. William had given her. She took it out and tore open the envelope.
She knew Mrs. William's handwriting very well. The letter opened up and the handwriting inside immediately caught her eye.
She leaned against the bed and read the letter.
 
##### Chapter 632 Make A Wish
‘Dolores, long time no see. I feel like time has passed so fast. My memory is still stuck in the way you were when you first joined LEO Corporation. It's been a long time, and you've found your lover. Congratulations. Mr. Nelson is a great guy. I'm very happy for you. I designed the wedding dress myself, and I hope you like it. If I wasn't so old and unwell, I would have gone to your wedding. I hope we will have the chance to meet again in the future. Wish you a happy wedding!’
Looking at the letter, Dolores also thought of the time when she first went to LEO Corporation. Because Mrs. William gave her a chance, she thought she could stay at LEO Corporation forever. But she didn't expect that she would not only return to her home country, but also create her own studio.
She thought she would never have love and happiness, but now she was going to walk down the aisle.
How incredible was that!
She folded the letter and looked out the window. Matthew's face suddenly appeared in front of her eyes, and she suddenly missed him so much.
She didn't know when he would be back. In order not to cause him any trouble, she had not contacted him. Today, she suddenly couldn't stop herself from wanting to contact him.
She picked up her phone and scrolled through the screen to find Matthew's phone number. She hesitated for a moment. Just as she was about to dial it, her phone suddenly rang.
The number on the screen turned out to be the one she wanted to dial.
With little hesitation, she picked it up immediately.
"Hello."
Matthew was very busy these days. Through Oscar, he had gotten to know the officer from the same period as Old Mr. Bailey.
He also got information from him that Old Mr. Bailey had committed a crime a long time ago.
After he knew exactly what was going on, he sent people to verify, check, and find the testimony of a witness and material evidence. Before things were exposed, he even personally went there, fearing that there was a mistake.
He didn't let Oscar get involved and just used his connections to know some unknown past events. Then, he did all the rest.
He brought all the victims to City B while liaising with major media through his own connections. Instead of getting someone to take over the case, he let the media report the story to make it bigger and put pressure on the government.
People were biased towards the weak. Most of those who came were old people and children, so people naturally favored them.
The government had to give the public a statement.
At the same time, he then exposed the story about Declan, and brought things to a point of no return.
Although he was not in the official world, he knew very well about people's minds. No matter what position you were in, there would be people who were jealous. As long as there was a slight mistake, there were bound to be people adding fuel to the fire.
Things were going well as he expected, and the government was taking it seriously. As far as he knew, the government had already set up a task force. Once the evidence was conclusive, he would certainly be sentenced.
It was supposed to be the truth, and it was just a matter of time.
He had the people Abbott hired to keep exposing stories on the Internet and creating buzz to keep the hype going and get more people to know about it.
After he finished his appointment with the heads of the two big media, he hurriedly headed for the villa. He had been running outside these days and had no time to come back. Today was the end of it, and he just had to focus on how things were going next.
As he parked the car and tried to head inside, he suddenly wondered if Dolores had missed him.
She hadn't contacted him in the last few days.
He leaned against the car door and dialed Dolores' number.
To his surprise, the call was answered as soon as it was dialed.
He couldn't help but freeze for a moment and quickly reacted.
"Are you playing with your phone?" Otherwise, how could she answer the phone so quickly?
Dolores answered, "Yes, are you okay?"
She was going to say, "I missed you and wanted to call you."
Matthew tilted his head to look at the sky. It was a beautiful day, and there were so many stars in the sky. He curled his lips, "Did you miss me?"
Dolores got off the bed, walked to the sofa in front of the window, and sat down. She leaned back slightly, and said, "If I say I miss you, will you appear in front of me immediately?"
"How about I make a wish to God and have him bring me to you immediately?"
Dolores smiled, "Then you can make a wish."
"How am I supposed to make a wish when you haven't even said you miss me?" Matthew laughed softly. He just wanted to hear her say she missed him.
Dolores didn't hide her feelings, and said very gently, "I miss you, a lot."
"Then I'll make a wish to God right away." He turned and walked toward the villa. He did not ring the doorbell but opened the door of the villa by code. Everyone seemed to have rested at this hour, and the living room was quiet with only a dim night light on.
He changed into slippers and stepped on the stairs. He walked very gently, for fear of alarming others.
"Count down 10 and see if God can send me to your eyes."
Dolores couldn't help but feel amused, "You still believe in God, huh?"
"A man without faith has no soul. Count quickly."
Dolores thought he was so childish but cute at this time.
"So I'm counting?"
"Yeah."
Dolores said yes and counted, "10, 9, 8 ... 3, 2, 1 ..."
Click, as she counted to the last number, the door to the room rang, then the door was pushed open.
She turned her head to look over.
In the dim light, she saw an upright man, who she missed so much.
"Matthew?"
Her voice trembled a little, and she couldn't believe he would show up.
Matthew smiled, "It's me ..."
Before he could finish his sentence, Dolores then pounced on him and hugged him. She buried her head in his arms, "I've been so worried about you the last few days."
Matthew looked down and kissed her forehead, "Why didn't you call me?"
"I was afraid of getting you into trouble and distracting you." Dolores tilted her head to look at him. Through the dim light, she looked at his face and asked, "Did you miss me?"
"Yes."
Dolores pursed her lips, "Me too."
After saying that, she stood on her tiptoes and kissed his lips. Matthew responded by wrapping his arms around her waist.
Dolores was very passionate today.
Matthew said, "I'm going to take a shower."
He hadn't rested well over the past few days and had always been out.
Dolores could smell the faint smell of sweat on him, but she didn't find it unpleasant. She smiled, "I don't mind whatever you look like. Even if you're bearded and unkempt, it doesn't matter. I still like you."
"Don't you know that I have very little resistance to you? The way you're acting makes me think you're seducing me." Matthew stroked her face, then her ear, and rubbed his fingers over her neck.
Dolores reached up and unbuttoned his shirt, "So what do you want?"
He looked down at her hands, leaned down, and whispered against her ear, "Take you to bed."
Being close to her like this, he could smell the faint aroma of her body. It smelled good, like a tempting delicacy, giving him the urge to taste it.
He thought so, and he did so.
He picked her up by the waist and laid her on the bed.
Dolores didn't stay still, but got up and pushed him down, and rode him on his crotch. She just lay on top of him, "Let me just hold you like this."
Matthew was speechless.
He wanted more than a hug.
"Honey." His voice was husky.
#####Chapter 633 Let Me Dress You
Dolores moaned and asked, "What are you doing?"
"Do you plan to keep holding me like this?" Matthew blinked, raised his brow, and looked at her passionately. 
"You don't like me hugging you?" Dolores acted like she didn't know what he meant.
Matthew wrapped his arms around her waist lightly, not daring to use too much force, "Let's do something else."
"Like what?" Dolores asked.
"Something that a husband and wife do." His hands began rubbing her waist against her clothes. 
Dolores looked up, "I like it when you are serious."
Matthew was speechless. 'You are the one that seduces me and now rejects me? She wants to torture him, also what's the problem of doing things that a husband and wife do?'
Dolores moved aside and sat up, "Go shower and sleep."
Matthew didn't move, lying on the bed, "Didn't you say you don't mind my sweat?"
"If you can fall asleep without a shower, I don't mind either." Dolores pulled the blanket under his body and was ready to sleep. 
Matthew sat up and looked at her, "Shower or not is not the reason I can't fall asleep."
Dolores pretended that she didn't hear him and told him Jayden and Kevin were here.
Matthew nodded and went to shower. a
Dolores remained awake, waiting for him to finish. 
Half an hour later, Matthew came out of the shower with bathrobes on while Dolores got downstairs to get his pyjamas. 
"I'm not wearing pyjamas," Matthew said.
Dolores looked at him, "You want to sleep like this?"
Matthew nodded. 
"Have you no shame?" She didn't know what to do with such a man. 
"I have no shame in front of you," he said as he rubbed her belly, "Otherwise, you won't be pregnant."
Dolores was at loss for words. She threw the pyjamas on the bed, "Up to you."
And she climbed onto the bed, pretending to be angry. 
Matthew leaned in and looked at her, "Are you angry?"
Dolores turned her head and remained silent. 
“All right, I will put it on.” Matthew took the pyjamas and stood in front of her, “Can you take off the bathrobe for me?”
“You are such shameless…” 
He cut her off using his kiss. 
“Are you angry?” Matthew asked as he kissed her. 
“Are you going to make it up to me if I’m angry?” Dolores asked. 
"Yes." He replied without hesitation as he walked to the cupboard and took out Dolores' pyjamas.
“Why are you holding my pyjamas?” Dolores was confused. 
“I’ll put this on.” 
Dolores couldn’t imagine him dressing in her pyjamas, but it was funny, she smiled, “Stop the nonsense, and don’t break my pyjamas.” 
“You smile.” Matthew walked over. 
Dolores took away the pyjamas in his hand, “I wasn’t upset.” 
“You lied to me then?” Matthew teased. 
“It wasn’t intentional, you are the one…” Dolores tried explaining while Matthew interrupted. “I don’t care, you need to be punished.” 
He sneaked into the blanket holding her in his arms and removed her pyjamas. 
Dolores bit her lower lips while Matthew was on top of her. 
He was careful due to her pregnancy, it was a long night. 

The sun rose earlier during the summer, the morning light shone through the window, shining the room through the gaps in the curtains.
Matthew couldn’t feel the woman in his embrace and there was no one beside him when he stretched his arms reaching the empty spot beside him, it was not even warm. He opened his eyes and found that Dolores was gone. 
Dolores woke up early since there were guests, she couldn’t sleep until late as the lady of the house. Although Matthew mentioned nothing about what happened, she knew he must but exhausted these days,  so she was careful not to wake him when she woke up, she wanted him to rest more. 
Since Coral retired from the kitchen, Lucy was the one making breakfast while Coral was in charge of the household chores. 
Dolores was busy helping in the kitchen too as there were guests, they needed to prepare more food, it would be too burdensome for one person to do it all. 
The breakfast was ready at seven in the morning. Everyone woke up one after another. As usual, Amanda was the last one, she never liked to leave the bed. 
Dolores walked out but didn’t see Matthew, ‘Maybe he hasn’t wake up. He was sound asleep last night, he must be exhausted this few days.’ 
She went to her daughter, she was lying lazily in bed, with messy hair. 
“Wake up for breakfast,” Dolores said as she put the clothes on the bed, “Wake up and let me dress you.” 
“I don’t want to change and I don’t want breakfast.” She then covered herself with the blanket again. 
Dolores pulled the blanket but she gripped it tighter. 
Andrew stood by the door, “Leave her alone, she will wake up when she’s hungry later.” 
Dolores looked to her son, “Have you washed up?” 
Andrew nodded. 
Dolores was helpless against her daughter, she decided to give up and let her sleep. 
She then went into her bedroom and saw the man was still in bed. She didn’t wake him but went into the washroom and began to pick up his clothes. The suit needed to be sent for dry cleaning while others can be washed at home.
Matthew was awake on the bed, he indeed had not slept much these few days and last night he slept well. He thought she would wake him up when she came in, but she didn’t. 
He then woke up and walked to the washroom. Seeing her cleaning up the sink, he hugged her from behind, “Let the maid or Coral do this.” 
“We have lots of people at home, they are busy too. The villa is huge and needs to be clean every day to prevent dust from accumulating. Some rooms need to be cleaned both upstairs and downstairs, and it’s tiring. I can handle some chores as a form of exercise, it will help with the birth later.” 
She turned to him, “Why didn’t you sleep longer? I didn’t wake you seeing that you were sound asleep.” 
Matthew rested his chin on her shoulder, “I’ve had enough sleep, should we hire one more maid?” 
“No need, will you be going out today?” Dolores asked. 
Two maids were enough, too many strangers at home were not comfortable and it was not easy to find a suitable one. 
“Yes, but not so early.” He asked for the cloth from Dolores and offered to wipe the mirror, “Let me wipe it for you.” 
Dolores didn’t give it to him, “I’m done wiping. Wash up and come down for breakfast. Since you are home, you should go down and greet your father and uncle, don't just stay in the room.” 
Matthew kissed her on her cheek and said, “Okay.” 
While he was washing up, his mobile on the side table rang. Dolores picked it up and saw that it was an unknown number. She didn’t answer but handed it over to Matthew who was in the washroom, “Someone called.” 
“Answer for me," Matthew said as washed his face. 
Dolores pressed the answer button, “Hello.”
#####Chapter 634 You Are The Shiniest 
Dolores pressed the answer button, “Hello.” 
The other side hung up soon a female voice was heard. 
Dolores looked at the mobile in bafflement. 
Matthew finished washing up and glance at her, “Who was it?” 
Dolores shook her head, “I don’t know, it was hung up right after I answered it.” 
Matthew didn’t concern, “Wrong number perhaps.” 
Dolores wasn’t sure but it did not seem like it, it seemed like it was hung up after hearing her voice. But she didn’t think much. 
“Breakfast is ready, come down when you are ready.” Dolores put the mobile on the table and walked out. 
Amanda stood at the door in her pyjamas and messy hair, she looked up at Dolores and asked, “Mommy, I heard Daddy’s voice, is Daddy back?” 
Dolores said, “Go wash up and change and I’ll tell you…” 
“Daddy!” 
She saw Matthew came out of the washroom while Dolores was still speaking. She dashed up to him at once, hugged his leg, and looked up, “Daddy, when did you come back?” 
Matthew bent to carry her, “Let’s see if you’ve gained weight.” 
“Did I?” Amanda wrapped her arms around his neck. 
“Yes.” 
She liked eating and sleeping. She had gained weight but not fat, she was just slightly heavier and taller than before. 
She now looked like an elementary school kid. 
Amanda looked at him, “When did you come back?” 
“Last night,” Matthew answered, “Let me wash you up.” 
“Sure,” Amanda said, giggling. 
She was happy to have Daddy washing her up. 
When Matthew walked past Dolores with Amanda in his arms, she said delightfully, “Mommy, Daddy is going to wash me up.” 
Dolores shook her head and slapped on her bottom lightly, “Such a lazy bug.” 
Super lazy bug. 
Amanda wasn’t upset, she was giggling.
“I’ll go down first,” Dolores said to Matthew. 
He nodded and brought Amanda to the washroom. 
Dolores instructed Lucy to set the table for breakfast, everyone was awake and it was time for breakfast. 
While everyone was seated one after another at the dining table, ready for breakfast, Matthew came down the stairs holding hands with his daughter. 
“When did you come back, Daddy?” Andrew asked. 
It was a question that everyone wanted to ask. 
“Last night,” Matthew said as he put Amanda on the chair. 
He sat next to Amanda and greeted Jayden and Kevin briefly, "I wasn't home for a few days due to some issues."
They didn't ask more as they knew they couldn't help much so not asking was wiser. 
Jayden had full trust and confidence towards Matthew, he believed he took every step with careful thought and would not act impulsively. 
"Let me know if you need anything from me." Although Jayden had retired he still had a broad network.
Their relationship was not close due to Victoria and he had never come to him no matter what. 
Now that the truth was revealed, he hoped their relationship would improve. 
Matthew said yes. 
"Let your father and I do your wedding preparation if you are busy," Kevin said knowing he was busy while wedding preparation needed someone to make arrangements. 
Matthew was okay to let Kevin handle everything, he only had one request that the wedding needed to be grand. 
He wanted to announce to the world that he was married to Dolores. 
"Don't worry," Kevin continued, "Consider it done."
Matthew went upstairs to change after breakfast while Dolores helped him with his necktie, "Don't you think it's a little too much?"
"What?" he looked at her. 
"The wedding, those jewelry are too eye-catching…"
"It's sent here?" he asked. 
Dolores nodded. 
"No jewelry matches you, to me you are the shiniest," he said as he held her hand. 
Dolores smiled. All women liked hearing sweet words from their partners, she was no different. "Since when did you become such a sweet talker? Did you do something wrong behind my back?" She said flirtatiously. 
'Is it wrong to be sweet to her?'
"Should I prove my love by beating you up three times a day then?"
Dolores stopped and put the tie on his neck, "Do it yourself."
Matthew hugged her, "You beat me three times a day  then."
Dolores stared at him, "I'm no match to you, you are way stronger." 
"I'll let you win," Matthew whispered in her ears. 
It made her itch and struggled slightly, "Stop the nonsense."
"Do it for me then."
Dolores said yes and continued making his necktie, "Be careful," she couldn't stop herself and reminded.
Even the tamest dog bite in desperation, not to mention humans. They might seek revenge regardless if they found out he was the mastermind behind it. 
Matthew nodded. 
Dolores sent him to the door after finish making his tie, "I'll be waiting at home, come back early."
Matthew smiled, "I don't feel like going anymore."
He wanted to stay home with her but he needed to solve this to provide a safe and stable home for them.
"Goodbye."
Dolores watched as he left. 
Although Boyce was not involved, he knew it was Matthew, so he called him yesterday to arrange for a meet-up today. 
Their meeting was arranged at the office. 
Boyce and Armand were already waiting when Matthew arrived.
Armand was excited, "Such delightful news, who would have guessed that Old Bailey did so much crime during his young age."
He was ecstatic when he saw the news that Declan was detained by the police, he deserved it. 
Boyce knocked him slightly with his elbow, "Quiet."
Armand looked at him, "I didn't say anything."
"You may continue then." Boyce sipped on his water. 
He put down the glass and stood up when he saw Matthew approaching, but Matthew waved for him to remain seated. 
"Why hadn't you tell me anything? I could have helped," Boyce said. 
Armand continued, "Yes, you don't trust us enough?"
Matthew ignored him. 
His purpose of meeting up with Boyce today was to discuss the Baileys' fall and Boyce's opportunity since the Bailey had no time and energy going against Boyce now. 
Anyone who had been close or depended on the Bailey would try their best to stay the furthest they could now. 
This case had a huge effect and was a big issue, so everyone tended not to get involved. 
Boyce knew Matthew's intention, "I'll take care of this," he said. 
He had his networking after a long time in his field, no one dared to help before because the Bailey was powerful, but things were different now.
#####Chapter 635 I Didn’t Like Men
Boyce was reliable. Matthew wasn’t worried about him at all, “Call me if you need anything.”
Boyce replied, “Sure. Talk to you later.”
Then, Boyce stood up. At the same time, Boyce’s mobile phone rang in his pocket. He took out the phone and saw the call was from Officer Miller’s office. Boyce didn’t pick up right away. Instead, he looked at Matthew, “It’s Officer Miller. He might need me for something. I’ve got to go.”
Matthew nodded.
Armand stared at Boyce, who left, and then he looked at Matthew, “It’s done?”
Armand didn’t seem to understand what was going on yet.
However, nobody replied to him. Matthew headed to his desk and glanced at Armand, “Aren’t you leaving?”
Armand wanted to stay here and do nothing?
“My sweetheart is at your house. Where should I go? Your house?” Armand approached the desk and stared at Matthew, “Tell me the truth.”
Matthew flipped open the document Abbot put on his desk. He asked without raising his head, “What truth?”
“How did you get Dolores to forgive you?” Armand blinked his eyes. He had done everything he can for Theresa, but she didn’t seem to be forgiving him any time soon.
Not even a single sign of forgiveness.
All Armand wanted was to get his wife back. Why was it so difficult?
It was more difficult than going to space.
Matthew was distracted from the documents in front of him. He raised his head and looked at Armand, “Show her your charisma.”
Armand was speechless.
What was his charisma?
Armand approached Matthew with a thick face, “Teach me how.”
“You’re stupid,” Matthew insulted Armand without hesitation.
Armand went speechless again.
Armand stood up straight and chuckled, “Don’t think I didn’t know that you didn’t get Dolores to forgive you after several attempts of trying.”
Matthew glared at Armand coldly, “Then why do you bother to ask me?”
Armand choked on his words. After a long pause, Armand laughed and said, “I was panic. Help me, please? At least give me an idea.”
Matthew said, “I’ve no time.”
Matthew made Armand speechless again.
“I’ll go to Dolores if you don’t help me. I’ll ask her to help me out,” Then, Armand headed to the entrance.
Armand didn’t really want to bother Dolores. He knew Matthew too well. He said that just to trigger Matthew. 
Matthew loved Dolores too much.
He wouldn’t allow Armand to bother Dolores.
Armand purposely slowed down the speed he turned the doorknob.
“Wait up!”
Matthew stopped Armand before he stepped out of the room.
Armand put up a straight face. He turned around and asked, “What?”
Matthew pressed on his temple. He didn’t really have any courting experience. As for Dolores, he forced her at first, then slowly accepted her. It was a process.
Just like the need for time in any relationship. There wasn’t anything like love-at-first-sight. Instead, people saw the good or bad in another person, then slowly got attracted.
Matthew knew exactly what Armand was thinking.
But he didn’t call him out. Armand was going to hang out with him as long as he didn’t get Theresa back.
It was not a good thing. It wasn’t good either for Theresa to keep Armand waiting.
“Tell me, what do you want me to do?”
Armand laughed and walked closer. He leaned on Matthew’s desk and got really close to Matthew.
Matthew backed off, “Stay away from me.”
What was the need of getting so close to him?
Armand frowned and thought, “Who wants to get close to you? I didn’t like men.”
“Get Dolores to get Theresa out of the house. It’s too crowded. I can’t even tell Theresa what I wanted to tell her. I want to see her outside,” said Armand.
Matthew stared at him. He didn’t promise Armand right away as he was thinking if it could work and if it could get Dolores involved.
Theresa might blame Dolores if Armand did anything overaggressive.
That wasn’t what Matthew wanted to see.
“Let me make a call.”
Armand quickly stopped Matthew before he dialled numbers, “Would Theresa come out if you tell them now?”
“You’re wimpy,” Matthew shook off Armand’s hand, “How would I get them out if I don’t call them?”
Armand didn’t say anything. He lowered his hand.
Matthew gave Dolores a call.
But Matthew told Armand earlier that if Dolores didn’t want to do so, he wouldn’t force her.
It was important not to offend Dolores.
Armand curled his lips and thought, “Gals before Pals.”
Armand only dared to secretly think about it. He didn’t dare to say it out loud.
Armand was afraid that Matthew wouldn’t help him.
Dolores was discussing the design of an order with Theresa. It was a Chinese wedding gown. They were asked to use the mandarin ducks as a theme of the gown.
The symbol of mandarin ducks was great, but they needed to put on their thinking hats and see how to put it in the gown. The mandarin ducks must blend into the design of the gown, and also brought out the symbolism of it in the design.
Theresa was thinking of a two-piece gown with a coat.
Dolores was searching for pictures of mandarin ducks, and deciding which of them suited to be embroidered onto the gown.
Dolores’s phone was put aside, and it rang. Dolores picked up without looking at the caller ID, “Hello.”
“Is it convenient for you to talk now?”
It was Matthew. He went out not long ago. Why was he calling now? Dolores looked at the screen of her phone and confirmed it was Matthew’s number. She put the phone up to her ear, “Yes.”
Theresa was near to Dolores. She could hear Matthew’s voice from the phone. She leaned over to another side of Dolores’ ear and whispered, “Matthew wanted to have a private conversation?”
Dolores pushed Theresa away lightly.
Theresa wanted to make fun of Dolores. She put her arms around Dolores’ shoulder and tried to listen to what Matthew said to Dolores. But of course, Theresa wouldn’t listen to what she wasn’t supposed to. Theresa was teasing Dolores at first, but then she heard Matthew said, “Armand’s with me.”
Dolores heard Armand’s name. She didn’t try to hide it away from Theresa. Dolores asked, “What did he want?”
“He wanted to see Theresa.”
Dolores looked at Theresa and asked over the phone, “So?”
“He needs your help to get Theresa out of the house. Do you think it is feasible?”
Matthew respected Dolores’ opinion.
After all, they were a couple. Matthew can’t lie to Dolores and tricked her into getting Theresa out of the house.
Dolores couldn’t decide for Theresa either. She turned and looked at Theresa, then asked for her opinion.
Theresa nodded.
Dolores then replied, “It is.”
“Then, shall we have lunch together?” Matthew asked.
“Sure. You decide where to eat then,” said Dolores.
Dolores hung up the phone after Matthew agreed with her suggestion. Dolores stared at Theresa, “What were you thinking?”
Theresa paused for a while and said, “I wanted to make things clear.”
“Are you sure?” Dolores was uncertain.
Dolores felt like Theresa and Armand still had feelings for each other.
“His grandmother wanted a grandchild so much, and I’m infertile. You see, he likes children too. We’ll get into endless fights for not having children even if we stayed together now. Might as well end it as soon as possible,” Theresa sounded determined.
“Can’t you see it? Armand loves you dearly, or else he wouldn’t keep coming back for you. You kept giving him a cold shoulder, but he never gives up. He is determined. Why not tell him the truth and see how he would react to it? Then only decide what to do based on his reaction.”
Theresa shook her head, “I can’t. I don’t like myself for being like this, and I can’t accept a flawed marriage.”
No matter what people said, Theresa felt like marriage wouldn’t be complete if a couple couldn’t have children of their own.
The proverb has it that a child is a pledge of the love of a couple.
What did they have?
They had nothing.
“So you planned to stay single?” Dolores was worried for Theresa.
Theresa shook her head, “I won’t be,” Theresa smiled at Dolores, “Didn’t Oscar say that he’s coming?”
Dolores nodded, “Yes, his flight is at ten o’clock.”
Wait, what did this have to do with Oscar?
#####Chapter 636 Be A Coward?
“What do you planning to do?” Dolores felt like something wasn’t right.
But she was uncertain.
“The only way to get him to give up on me is for me to have another man,” Theresa opened up to Dolores.
Dolores frowned and looked at Theresa in an unbelievable expression, “How can you do this to him? You should tell him…”
“Tell him that I’m flawed?” Theresa stopped Dolores. If she could, she would.
She wouldn’t have waited until now.
“Oscar is single, and I’m single. We could be a match. It sounded not bad.”
Dolores was speechless.
“Are you for real?” Dolores couldn’t believe what she heard.
Theresa nodded, “Yes. I wanted to do it for a long time ago, but I haven’t recovered yet, and Oscar wasn’t here, so…”
Dolores was caught off guard. She didn’t know how to persuade Theresa. She stood up, “I need a time-out.”
Then, Dolores walked out of the room.
Theresa knew Dolores was worried for her. Theresa drove herself up the wall and shut off all possibilities between Armand and her.
But Theresa had made up her mind. Nobody could change her mind.
“Don’t worry about me. I would rather live lightened up than to live with burdens.” Theresa stopped Dolores.
What can Theresa do even if she fell in love with another man that wasn’t Armand?
A flawed person like Theresa would always felt guilty for the person she loved. It was better to let go than to live in guiltiness.
To live alone or to live with a person that won’t pressure her.  
As long as she didn’t live with the person she loved.
Dolores stopped. She didn’t try to convince or stop Theresa. Theresa was a grown woman. She knew what she was doing. Dolores was in no position to interfere with her decision.
“You still have time to think this through. You’re really pushing Armand away if you did it,” Dolores didn’t say much. Theresa had to go her own way, and nobody could decide for her what she should do. The only thing Dolores could do was to warn her.
“I know. I’ve thought it through,” Theresa had thought about it. She can’t be burdening another person with her flawed body, and she didn’t want to go against her will as well.
The best lifestyle for her was not to be emotionally involved with anyone.
“You better.”
Then, Dolores walked out of the room.
Jayden and Kevin went out with the children. It was quiet in the villa. Dolores got upstairs, and she felt emotional.
Dolores thought Theresa made a reckless decision, but she had to respect her choice. She understood the pain a woman felt if she couldn’t bear the child of her loved ones.
So, Dolores couldn’t say anything. Perhaps, Theresa and Armand weren’t meant to be.
It was destined to be a stormy night.
People started to tell the dirt on the internet from time to time. The topic kept heating up, and it became more interesting every minute.
Mrs. Bailey woke up from unconsciousness in the hospital. She had seven children, and only two of them, Athena and Emma, stayed beside her. Breenda, Maisy, and Eunice basically drew the line with the Bailey family, while Declan was in jail. Eunice had three kids to take care of and couldn’t come to visit. Furthermore, Eunice’s husband wouldn’t want her to be involved with the Bailey family. She couldn’t do much, even if she wanted to help. She was a woman, and she couldn’t offend her husband for her children. If her husband became unhappy and divorced her, her children would have to live without a father. It would be a tragedy. So, it was best for Eunice to stay away from the Bailey family.
Only to keep her family together.
Emma was different from her sisters. She was raised outside, but she went studying overseas after she was legal. Her academic result was excellent, and she got a wonderful job after graduation. Emma was a vice president in a multinational company. She was an iron lady.
And Emma was emotionally attached to her parents.
Emma and Athena were busy visiting people, but those who visited them previously didn’t welcome them. All of them gave several excuses not to see them.
It was all made-up excuses. They were drawing lines because the Bailey family was waning.
It was the reality. People loved to play up to powerful people, but not many would assist when you were waning.
It was easy to see the truth in adversity. The Bailey family used to be buttered up, but everyone tried their best to avoid any of the Bailey family members now.
As if they had seen a ghost.
Roger was locked up in a secret place. Emma and Athena didn’t manage to see him at all. They put quite an effort to see Declan instead.
Declan’s head became clearer after a night in the jail. He was so confused at first, but now he had thought things through.
His only enemy was Matthew.
The only thing he didn’t understand was how Roger’s old deed got dug out.
Declan told his sisters his assumption. He told them that Matthew was involved, and he might be the mastermind behind it.
“Did you offend him?” Emma asked.
Declan replied casually, “We’ve had conflicts.”
“What conflicts?” Emma sneered. She didn’t buy Declan’s story. Matthew wouldn’t have spent his time and did all these just to drive the Bailey family up the wall if it was a small matter.
“What did you do?” Emma raised her voice, “Nobody could save you if you don’t tell the truth.”
Declan had six sisters, and only Emma could scare Declan.
Declan looked down, “It was a small matter at first. I helped Jeffrey in a kidnapping case, but it became a car accident, and someone got killed. You knew her. It was Matthew’s stepmother. Then, he framed me. How can I withstand that? So, I decided to fight back. I kidnapped his wife’s friend, and I framed his friend…”
“Are you stupid?” Emma couldn’t help to scold Declan. Did he get himself into trouble because of another person? Wasn’t that what a stupid person do?
“The Bailey family is waning because of you. Why did you make him your enemy? You kidnapped and framed his friends, and you expect him not to fight back? Did you think he was a coward?” Emma wanted to slap Declan so much.
“Didn’t you know who he is? Haven’t you heard of how he dealt with things? Did you think that he was an easy target to bully?” Emma put her hand on her chest. Her face turned pale out of anger.
Emma was furious.
Declan lowered his head and remained silent.
Declan regretted it, but he felt like it was unacceptable back then.
“Who knew father did those when he was young? That got him into jail…”
Emma slapped Declan before he finished his sentence. She scolded Declan, “Didn’t you see it? You’re the reason why Matthew dug out what father did in the past.”
An officer walked over to inform them the visiting hour was over.
Declan was sacred. He pulled his sister’s sleeves, “Athena, Emma, you have to get me out of here. I can’t stay here any longer. This is not the place for me.”
“We’ll get you out of here,” Athena choked back tears. Declan didn’t know how it was outside. They were behind the eight balls.
The police were investigating the case by the book, and they formed a special team for the case. Nobody could interfere with the case now. It would be a waste of effort even if the brothers-in-law helped out. They might even get in trouble for helping. The police’s stand was clear. Severe punishment will apply to everyone involved in the case once the police have solid evidence.
After Emma and Athena left the police station, they immediately use their connection to find out Matthew’s contact number.
Emma dialled the number right away, but a woman picked up after the call connected. Athena took Emma’s phone away from her and hung up the phone when she was about to speak.
“Do you think it would help to talk to him now? Do you still think things would change?”
#####Chapter 637 It Is Difficult to Restore a Broken Relationship
‘Yes, it has come to this point. It’s obviously irreparable, unless time can be turned back, or a miracle occurs.’
“What do you think, what shall we do now?” Emma looked towards Athena.
The Bailey family seemed like a large family, but when something happened, only a few people could lend a helping hand.
The children were not raised together. Their bonds were not strong. The daughters were quite critical of their parents, so it was normal that they were not united when something happened.
“Maisy...”
“Don’t think about it, didn’t Maisy make it very clear the other day? We have to blame our parents when they don’t want to help. If our parents gave more care and love to them, they will not be so determined. In our parents’ minds, the son is the most important. He’s spoiled. He only knows how to get into trouble.” Emma understood her sisters’ minds, “We have to prepare for the worst. If we can protect Declan, we shall try our best to protect him.”
Athena thought the same, “Let’s go to see mum and discuss it with her.”
Emma nodded.
At ten o’clock at noon, as Dolores prepared to go out, Theresa asked her, “Are you going to pick up Uncle?”
Dolores nodded, “He’s just come over, he’s definitely not familiar with the environment here, I’ll go and pick him up.”
“I’ll go, you just tell me where the location is, when the time comes, we’ll go there straight.”
Dolores looked at her and asked again, “Have you really thought about it?”
Theresa nodded, “Yea.”
Dolores had no choice but to agree with her, “Alright. It’s at YD restaurant which is not far from the company.”
Theresa smiled at her, “The way you’re frowning is not cute. Don’t frown, I’ve thought about it and will be responsible for my actions, so don’t worry about me.”
Dolores reached out her hands to hug her, “As long as you feel comfortable.”
‘In fact, she has a point, life doesn’t put pressure on her, if being with her lover makes her feel stressed, it’s better to be a little more relaxed by being apart.’
After Theresa left, Dolores also left the villa afterwards and went to the company to look for Matthew.
However, Matthew was not in his office. He was in the reception room, talking to someone else. Although the commotion was big and the head paid a lot of attention to it, he still could not take it lightly. He had to make observations and keep a close eye on the progress.
Dolores did not ask his secretary to inform him. She waited for him in his office.
When Matthew came back from his discussion, his secretary told him that Dolores had come over. He quickened his pace and walked into the office. He pushed open the door and saw that Dolores was sitting in front of his desk, reading the documents on his desk.
In fact, she could not understand a lot of the professional vocabulary. She was just bored.
Hearing the door-opening sound, she looked up and seeing that it was him. She asked, “Are you done?”
Matthew closed the door and walked in, “Yea. Why didn’t you let the secretary inform me that you are here?”
“Aren’t you busy?” Dolores tried to stand up, but Matthew held her shoulder to stop her from moving. Dolores laughed, “You don’t let me get up, do you want me to sit in this seat?”
Matthew leaned against the edge of the desk, bowing his legs, keeping a not too far distance from her, “It’s yours originally, isn’t it?”
During New Year, Jayden had given all the shares to her two children and asked her to keep them. Now, she was the largest shareholder.
Dolores reached out her hand and grabbed his tie, pulling him towards her. They looked at each other. She hooked her lips, smiled and said mischievously, “So, are you working for me now?”
Matthew looked at her slender fingers which were wrapping around his tie, looking helpless as if there was nothing he could do about her, “I’m all yours, from now on you sit here and I’ll serve you.”
Dolores smiled, but the smile soon subsided. However, she did not let go of him. Matthew was cooperative and just bent over.
“Was it Armand who pestered you to ask Theresa to come out today?” She asked despondently.
Matthew reached out his hand to touch her face. He used his fingers to smooth her furrowed brow, “What’s wrong? Theresa doesn’t agree?”
She shook her head, “No. Do you still remember that I once asked you, if I am unable to conceive, would you still love me?”
Matthew fluttered his eyelashes, everything made sense, he had guessed it when Dolores asked.
“The miscarriage was caused during that explosion. She is unable to conceive now. She wants to draw a line with Armand. She comes today, probably to make it clear with Armand.”
“Actually, there’s nothing wrong with it this way.”
‘When it’s clear, everyone will settle down and go to find the right person.’
‘It can’t be considered a bad choice, after all, it is difficult to restore a broken relationship, even if you try to fix it again, there will still be scars.’
‘It’s better to let go.’
Dolores tilted her head to look at him, “Shall we talk to Armand, so that he can prepare himself mentally?”
She was afraid that Armand would be embarrassed by then.
“You shall just leave it alone.” Matthew bent his body even lower and said in a warm voice, “Are you going to keep tugging at me like this?”
Only then did Dolores realize that she had pulled him all the way and his tie had been pulled outside of his suit, she let go and helped him to tidy up his tie and collar, “It’s about time, shall we go over there now?”
“Yeah,” Matthew responded.
He wanted to go over first and buy some food for Dolores. He was afraid that she would lose her appetite later on.
“Let’s go.” Matthew wrapped his arm around her waist.
#####Chapter 638 There Is Nothing That Can Be Done About It
The two of them walked into the restaurant. Since they had made a reservation, the waiter led them to a reserved seat after they said their names.
“The desserts here are good.” The pastry chef of this restaurant was hired from F country. The desserts were famous and many people came here for the desserts.
Dolores frowned, “They haven’t arrived yet, shall we eat first?”
“You eat a little first,” Matthew said.
Knowing that Dolores liked to eat sweet food after she was pregnant, he arranged the meeting here, just to let her try the desserts here as they rarely came out together.
Dolores did not refuse. She found the environment here elegant and relatively quiet. The customers coming in and out were all very polite.
The place was full of male waiters, who wore black waistcoats, white shirts and black neckties. They stood in front of the tables to deliver the menus.
Matthew flipped through the menu and asked, “Is there anything in particular you want to eat?”
Dolores shook her head, “You order.”
Today, she did not have much appetite and did not want to eat anything right away.
Without seeking her opinion, Matthew ordered two desserts and a glass of goat milk.
He closed the menu and handed it to the waiter, “That’s all.”
“We will bring your meal to you soon.” The waiter bent down and retreated after saying that.
As she waited, Dolores fiddled with a freshly blooming red rose on the table in boredom.
Matthew looked at her quietly, feeling that she was like a child at the moment, a little childish, a little cute.
He reached out his hand to smooth her hair, “Be careful not to prick your hand.”
‘A rose is beautiful but it has thorns.’
‘Those who want to get it will always have to suffer a little.’
Dolores withdrew her hand, feeling that the rose was like Theresa, covered in thorns, but her thorns would only prick Armand.
Not long after, the waiter brought them all the desserts.
There were two desserts. The first one was a lemon tart. The lemon tart was the signature dish in F country. The authentic way was to make a tart filling with the juice of a yellow lemon, cream, sugar and egg, plus a little bit of yellow lemon peel shavings to add aroma. Strawberries and crunchy candies were made into a lemon shape as a garnish.
The combination of lemon and cream was sweet but not overwhelming, with the flavour of lemon and the fluffiness of cake, a delightful shape and excellent flavour, making it a very popular dessert.
Another dessert was the F-style mille-feuille, where the puff pastry had to be made by folding it six times over and over again to produce a crispy pastry. Each layer was brushed with a little wine. Interleaved was a layer of puff pastry and a layer of custard sauce with vanilla seeds. Finally, sprinkle the top layer with icing sugar, dried fruit and a glass of goat milk to make it nutritious and delicious.
“They look delicious.” Dolores picked up a spoon, probably because she was so greedy due to her pregnancy.
Furthermore, the desserts looked delicious. She cut a small piece of lemon tart and put it in her mouth, the texture was soft and with a strong lemon fragrance, sweet with some acidity, not too prominent, just the right amount, not too sweet, not at all cloying, it was a very tasty dessert.
The mille-feuille tasted good too. 
It might be because it was noon now and she was hungry, so she ate very quickly.
“Slow down, no one is grabbing the food.” Matthew took a tissue to wipe away the cream at the corner of her mouth.
Dolores took a piece of lemon tart and passed it to his mouth, “Taste it.”
“I don’t like to eat sweet things.” Matthew did not open his mouth.
Dolores pestered him and acted coquettishly, “You take a bite.”
After that, she delivered it to his mouth. The cream stuck on his lips. He had no choice but to open his mouth and ate it.
“Take some back to let the two kids eat when we leave,” Matthew said as he swallowed the food.
Dolores nodded. The portion was small, just nice for one person to eat it. Dolores ate both the two portions. She picked up the ‘milk’ next to her. She felt that something was wrong when she tasted the milk. The milk was different from the milk she usually drank.
She frowned, “What is this?”
“Goat milk.”
Dolores was speechless.
Compared to cow milk, goat milk is more nutritious for pregnant women. The volume of fat particles in goat milk is one-third of cow milk, which is more conducive for absorption. Furthermore, long-term consumption will not cause fat. The vitamins and trace elements in goat milk are also higher than in cow milk. For pregnant women, goat milk has a higher content of vitamin E, which can stop the oxidation and decomposition of cells and fatty acids in the body, delaying skin ageing and increasing skin elasticity and lustre.
Dolores put the cup down.
“Drink it.” Matthew picked it up and handed it to her. 
She did not take it and just looked at him.
Matthew was helpless and said, “It’s nutritious, let’s change the milk at home to this kind of milk in the future.”
“No.” Dolores decisively refused.
“What do you not want? Does Matthew bully you?”
Armand walked in and heard Matthew’s voice. He looked at the cup in Matthew’s hand and then looked at Dolores, “What are you doing?”
Dolores took the cup in Matthew’s hand. In front of other people, she had to give face to Matthew.
“Didn’t Theresa come with you?” Armand pulled out a chair and sat down after looking around and did not see her.
Dolores did not like the taste of goat milk. However, when Armand asked her this question, she subconsciously drank it. It was like a shield to hide the fact that she did not know how to answer his question.
After drinking it, she frowned.
“Theresa doesn’t want to come out with you?” Armand asked, forcing down the loss inside him.
“She will come over later,” Dolores said as she put down her cup.
Hearing that Theresa would come, Armand smiled immediately, “Dolores, you have to help me, I’m really at my wit’s end, both soft and hard approaches don’t work.” 
‘She’s like a cold stone which cannot be warmed up.’
“Armand.” Dolores hesitated for a while, but still could not find the right words.
Armand looked at Dolores who was hesitating and he suddenly became uneasy, “Dolores, what do you want to say? Theresa doesn’t love me anymore?”
#####Chapter 639 Do You Want to See a Hot Scene?
Dolores didn’t say anything.
She had no idea how to tell him or use what kind of words to tell him.
“Dolores, just get to the point. The more you stammer, the more uneasy I am.” Armand Bernie was on tenterhooks.
If it was a good thing, she wouldn’t be so tangled.
Then there was only one answer as what was unspeakable wasn’t something good.
She looked at him, “Theresa Gordon has her reasons for whatever decision she makes, you shouldn’t …”
When she spoke, his gaze stared out the glass window. She followed his sight and looked out, then she saw the scene of Theresa holding Oscar Adams’s arm and getting out of the car.
She sighed as she thought, ‘She still do it’.
“Dolores.” He averted his eyes and looked at her, “The thing that is unspeakable is that she is actually having another new love, right?”
Dolores said, “Calm down a bit.”
Armand laughed and leaned back in his chair, “Are she going to protest about me since she gets an old man?”
“I’m not protesting about you, I just don’t want you to bug me like a dog.”
When he said this, Theresa and Oscar walked in together, so she answered after she had heard his words.
Armand looked at her for two seconds and suddenly got up to grab her wrist, “I’ve something to talk with you.”
“Say it right here if you’ve anything to say.”
Theresa tried to break free from his hands.
He forcefully pulled her away despite her rejection with red eyes.
She struggled all the way, but there was a disparity between the strength of men and women. She couldn’t break free from his grip and was taken by him all the way to the street outside the restaurant.
“Armand, quickly let go of me!” she shouted and seemed to have some signs of anger.
He threw her against the wall in the alley, “Say, what do you really want?”
“As you can see.” She stared at him without hiding.
As if to show how frank she was at this moment.
He squinted, “That old man?”
“I think man who is older is much better than you. There is a saying which elder man is more caring, right? It just so happens that he is very loving, better than you do.” She was so eloquent and what she said hurt him so much.
His face was as red as if it had been burned by fire.
She rubbed her red wrist, “He can give me a sense of security and can also take care of me. We don’t have any conflicts except for the age difference. Besides, age is nothing in front of true love.”
She ignored his furious face and continued saying, “What I regret most is that I can’t give him my pure body, but he doesn’t mind. This makes me very happy …”
Suddenly, he grabbed her neck and pinned her against the wall.
He roared at her with a low voice, “You lie to me!”
She was still being heartless, “If you don’t believe, I can call him out and kiss him in front of you, or I can prove it to you if you want to see a hotter scene.
Armand just kept his eyes on her and his red eyes gradually filled with tears, he cried hoarsely, “Theresa, if you do so, it would really be the end of us.”
“I’ve done with you long ago, it’s just you who isn’t clear about it.” Her hands which hung at the side, tightly clenched into fists.
Her fingernails almost sank into the fresh of her palms. Only pain could keep her awake and make her look calm.
“I, Theresa, wouldn’t look for you anymore. You and I, are absolutely no longer possible!” she said word by word. At the meantime she hurt Armand, she was hurting herself, as if she was poked by a knife.
“Good, good, good, very good.” He slowly withdrew his hands, every time he said the word ‘good’, he told himself in his mind, ‘Just give up, give up, give up’. He quickly turned his head as he didn’t want her to see his tears rolling down his face.
He turned his back to Theresa, “I’ll not bug you again. You and I …are done!” After saying that, he took a step to leave.
Theresa leaned against the wall motionless and looked at his back. She was inexplicably sad, as if there was a large ball of cotton stuffed in her throat and made her breathless. She could only breathe by opening her mouth, with her tears gushing out.
Armand didn’t leave but went back to the restaurant, more like proving to Theresa that he really didn’t love her and wouldn’t show any feelings to her anymore.
Oscar was complaining to Dolores, “I’ve no choice but to promise her.”
Dolores knew that she had decided and would definitely pester him in various ways to help her in acting.
He shook his head, “I’m really unwilling. As the saying goes, everything could be damaged except marriage. You see, I’ve turned to be a bad person.”
“Since she has decided, you just help her,” Dolores said with a sigh.
He blinked his eyes, “You don’t even persuade her?”
“I can’t do it.” Dolores also wanted her and Armand to sit down and talk properly.
However, she had a knot as her physical defects made her unwilling to face the relationship at all.
Not to mention Armand, even she had met an outstanding man, she wouldn’t open up and have a relationship with other too.
That was unsolvable.
Unless she figured it out herself as outsiders couldn’t help.
“It’s too bad. I think that young man is quite good.” Oscar also made an evaluation of Armand. Even though he didn’t know his ability and personality, he felt that Armand looked quite handsome.
“There’s no other way.” Oscar said helplessly, “What happened to Theresa that made her to do such a …”
Dolores saw Armand come in and patted Oscar. Then he immediately knew what she meant and stopped talking.
At this moment, Armand had calmed down himself, as if nothing had happened just now and pulled back the chair to sit down.
He showed a heartless and cavalier look, “Don’t you order?”
Dolores looked at him for two seconds. Although he seemed to look fine, the aura exuded wasn’t relaxed.
He beckoned and called the waiter, “Order.”
Soon the waiter came with a few menus. 
He took one of the menus and asked without looking up, “Matthew Nelson, is this your treat?”
Matthew glanced at him and said, “Um.”
“This, this, this and this.” As he said, he raised his head to look at Dolores, “What do you want to eat? I’ll order it for you.”
She looked at him and said, “Whatever, any will do.”
He added a few dishes, then looked at Matthew, “What about you? I know you prefer bland taste, I’ll order for you.”
He ordered two more dishes. Everyone at the table knew he was lovelorn and was in a bad mood, so they leave him be.
“What about you, this buddy?” he called Oscar.
Oscar was speechless.
He thought in his mind, ‘Who is your buddy?’
However, he didn’t say it as he had ‘stolen’ his girlfriend.
“I’m just guest, anything you order will do.” He tugged his collar, and it was still his favourite style of flowery shirt with short sleeves, beige pants and white lace-up leather shoes. These were the standard style for his outfit.
His beloved dress-up.
“I’ll order it for you then,” He told a few more dishes to the waiter.
The waiter took note and asked, “Is there anything else you want?”
“That’s all.” He closed the menu and handed it to the waiter.
Theresa came in very late and the dishes were all served before she came in. She had fixed her makeup, but it could still be seen that her eyes were red.
Armand didn’t look up at her.
Theresa thought he had left and soon the emotions that had been suppressed were triggered when she saw him there.
She couldn’t pretend that nothing had happened and sit there to eat. She was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to control herself, so she reached out to pull Oscar’s arm, “I don’t want to eat, you accompany me back.”
He tilted his head to look at her and noticed she had obviously cried before. Then he immediately stood up and said, “Let’s go.”
When he spoke, he took the initiative to put his arm around her shoulders. Since they were close to each other and he had always treated her as his relative, thus he didn’t shy about anything on purpose.
Since she called him uncle, then she was his relative.
He also wanted to comfort her as he knew she was feeling bad right now.
Armand suddenly raised his head and asked, “Is it because I’m here, so you can’t even eat?”
#####Chapter 640 Ungrateful 
He smiled, “Don’t worry, I’ve no covetousness to you. If you’re really afraid that I’ll bug you again, I’ll go and you stay here.”
He took off the napkin, put down the knife and fork and stood up, “You sit down and eat. In order to reassure you and let you eat at ease, I’ll go first.”
After finished saying that, he beckoned Dolores, “I’ll leave first.”
Dolores couldn’t say anything but could only watch.
After he left, she pulled Theresa and told her to sit down.
Even if they had sat down, they couldn’t have their meal too. She handed a tissue paper to her, “Just cry if you want. Maybe you’ll feel better after that.”
Matthew and Oscar left while Dolores caught a glimpse at them and didn’t ask anything as she thought they probably felt it was inappropriate to be there.
In fact, apart from this reason, there was also something Matthew wanted to say with Oscar.
Last time Oscar did him a favour, but both of them were busy and had no time to sit down and talk properly.
After this incident, Matthew knew that Dolores’s father wasn’t simple in the past, otherwise this relationship wouldn’t exist.
Although he didn’t do anything, the clues he provided were indeed commendable. After all he couldn’t even look into things in the remote past.
“Did it go well?” he asked.
When he didn’t grin cheekily, he gave other a bluffing impression, which was the kind of person who would make the children cry when looking at him.
However, he was an approachable person when he grinned and didn’t act seriously.
He was rarely unsmiling as he mostly grinned and laughed.
Matthew said, “The task force has been set up to investigate. The case will certainly be strictly investigated as it had turned into such a big deal.”
Oscar nodded, “Just tell me if you need help.”
In his opinion, Matthew wasn’t an outsider as Dolores’s husband would be her brother’s son-in-law.
Matthew didn’t want to trouble him much and it was enough for now.
“I’ll take Theresa back first.” Dolores came over. She couldn’t eat anything here and it wasn’t the right place to sit for a long time. As Theresa didn’t want to return to villa, Dolores took her outside for a walk.
Matthew said, “Let me accompany you.”
He was worried about her and afraid that she would be too tired as she was pregnant and still had to take care of Theresa.
Right now, Theresa certainly didn’t want too many people around, so she refused, “We’re not going home now, we might walk around outside. I’ve booked a room for uncle in the Narada Hotel. You fetch him over to have a rest.”
She initially planned to let him live in the villa, but there was no more room as all the rooms were used by two maids, Jayden Nelson, Victoria Forbis, Theresa and the children. The rest of the rooms were the utility room and study room but they couldn’t be cleaned up, so she booked a nice hotel.
Oscar waved his hand, “Tell me the place, I’ll go myself. I’m not young now, there’s no need for you to fetch me there and treat me like a child.”
She smiled, “Uncle, you didn’t eat well in noon, order something to eat in the hotel if you’re hungry. I’ll prepare a feast for you tonight.”
“Don’t worry, I can take care of myself, you go and take care of Theresa. You guys just do your own things. Don’t worry about me.” He seemed to get along all right anywhere, “Just tell me the address of the villa, I’ll go there by myself at night.”
His character had always been like this. After Dolores told him the address, she left with Theresa.
As for whether Matthew drive Oscar, or he returned to the hotel on his own, she had no idea. 
“Let’s watch a movie, okay?” she said.
Theresa didn’t speak.
She sighed, “I’m pregnant now and I can’t have a drink with you. If you’re very upset, I’ll go and talk to Armand.”
Theresa shook her head, “No, I won’t regret the decision I made, it just hurts somewhat to part with it.”
She sighed, “I can understand your feeling, but I don’t know how to comfort you.”
“Walk with me.” She held her arms.
Dolores nodded. It wasn’t so hot when walking under the leafy phoenix trees even though the weather was hot at noon.
As she had made the decision, she had enough preparation in her mind and she just need some time to let go.
She believed that she could endure it since she could persevere through the painful times before, and now she would be able to do so.
Compared to her pain, Armand wasn’t much better.
After leaving the restaurant, he went to drink alone.
He himself had ordered a few bottles of wine. Since he often came here, the manager was familiar with him and asked when he see him drinking alone, “I call a woman to accompany you?”
Armand continued to pour wine into the glass, as if he didn’t hear what the manager said.
“It’s so boring to drink alone, I have girls who can drink a lot, it’s better to call one or two of them to accompany you rather than drinking alone.”
Armand felt him like a fly as he still buzzed in his ears when he was in a bad mood.
“What the fuck! Are you nuts? I come to drink and you ask me to find a girl. I’ve cleanliness, okay? Fuck you, get as far away as you can from me, don’t bother me here!”
He finally couldn’t hold back and cursed the manager who was babbling.
“I see you drinking alone and looked poor. Why don’t you understand my goodwill? You’re indeed ungrateful …”
“What the hell are you talking about? Who is a dog?” Armand stared at him and the veins at his temples bulged, “You’re a dog. Bark for me to hear!”
The manager gave him a frosty look, “You’ve drank too much.”
When he was about to leave after he finished his words, Armand dragged him, “You want to leave after scolding people? What do you think I’m? A coward?”
The manager looked at his hands that grabbed his clothes and looked back at him, “Don’t make trouble here, otherwise don’t blame me for not being polite.”
“Heh, how are you going to be ungracious to me?” he was just being unforgiving deliberately as he was in an unpleasant mood and was about to suffocate.
“You want to hit me? Do it if you dare!” Armand grabbed his collar and growled at him.
The smell of alcohol came and the manager frowned, “You better let go of me, I don’t want to hit you.” 
“You fucking hit me if you’ve the guts to do so. Are you a wimp? Don’t bark like a dog …”
The manager couldn’t stand it anymore and called someone over, “Take this crazy person away!”
“You’re the one who is crazy!” he was roaring drunk.
The manager looked at him angrily and squinted, “You want to get hit?”
Armand nodded, “Yes, I want.”
At this moment, he really wanted to fight with someone as he felt like he was dying.
The manager felt what he said was provocation, then he squinted and called the two security guards, “Beat him!”
#####Chapter 641 You Are Back Home Early Today
People used to get drunk and create trouble here, and the security guards were experienced on this matter. Upon hearing the manager's instructions, the two security guards tried to nab Armand's arm. Armand did not want to get beat up, his motive was to get into a fight so that he could vent his anger and sadness. Therefore, before the two men tried to touch him, he agilely moved aside, avoided the security guard's hand, and kicked the man from behind.
The man lost his footing and fell into the manager's arms.
The manager repulsively pushed him away, "Damn it, you two can't even handle a single person??"
The man immediately apologized, "Manager, I'm sorry."
"Cut the crap, beat him up now!" The manager shouted furiously.
At the same time, the other security guard was already wrestling with Armand. Seeing that Armand was entangled, the man tried to choke his neck from behind.
Armand grabbed the man's arm that was choking his neck. The other man in front of Armand took this chance and waved his fist into Armand's stomach. Armand had punched the man a few times, and he was badly bruised. Now he had got the chance, he was hitting Armand extremely hard.
Wham!
Armand frowned and grunted a few times. But soon, he found a way to fight back. He bent his arm, and with his elbow, he repeatedly attacked the stomach and chest of the man who was strangling him from behind.
Armand smashed his elbow at the man behind him again and again. After a few times, the man finally loosened his grip. Then, Armand grabbed the man's hand, twisted it with his backhand, slightly bent his body, and threw the man forward from his own shoulder.
Coincidentally, there was a table in front of him. When the man fell, he hit the table, smashing all the wine bottles and glasses on it to the ground, breaking them into pieces.
The man held his stomach that was hit, grimacing in pain.
Armand's eye reddened, "Get up!"
The man got up, and the room was filled with a strong alcohol smell.
The two security guards looked at each other and simultaneously lunged towards Armand.
Very soon, the three of them brawled together again. Armand was in a bad mood, and he was just fighting mindlessly. The reason why he was picking on trouble was simply that he wanted to get into a fight to vent out his emotions.
As they used to say, the weak feared the strong, the strong feared those who were not afraid to die.
And Armand was the one who was not afraid of dying.
The two security guards were not Armand's match.
The manager at the side was anxious. Without thinking much, he snatched a vase on the shelf, removed the flowers and threw them away. Then, he took the vase and smashed it into Armand's head.
Armand was already in a frenzy and his attention was on the two security guards. He didn't notice what the manager was doing, and when the vase smashed on his head, it instantly broke into pieces. Armand was immediately dazed by the hit. He felt dizzy and vaguely felt that there was a warm liquid oozing out from the back of his head down to his neck.
The manager shouted, "Faster use this opportunity and beat him up!"
The two security guard's faces were filled with bruises. Now that they had the chance, they were using all their strength to beat Armand up.
Armand fell to the ground, and the two security guards were still punching and kicking him madly.
Dolores accompanied Theresa walked the streets for two hours, and Theresa had calmed down a lot. And because Dolores needed to prepare a meal to welcome Oscar, the two of them went to the supermarket to buy some ingredients before heading back to the villa.
Matthew came back in the evening when she was preparing dinner. After he finished his work in the office, he came back earlier because he knew that Oscar would come over tonight.
He saw Coral wiping the table, and there was a bouquet on it. He came over and asked, "Where is she?"
Coral raised her head and replied, "In the kitchen."
Matthew nodded. He raised his brows as he looked at the table that was so cleaned it could reflect a person's image.
In the kitchen, Dolores wore an apron, chopping the vegetables. Lucy stood at the sink beside her, helping her washed the vegetables.
"Can you go out first?" Matthew said to Lucy as he walked towards Dolores.
Lucy responded to him, turned off the water, put down the lotus root in her hand, and went out of the kitchen.
Dolores raised her head and looked at Matthew, "Why are you back so early today? Is there anything you want to tell me?"
If not, why would he ask Lucy to leave the kitchen first?
#####Chapter 642 The Sentimental Child
Matthew laughed, "Even if I have nothing to say to you, can't I stay here and have some alone time with you?"
Dolores was speechless.
Dolores did not say anything, and she felt helpless, "This is the kitchen. Why are you lingering here? It's not like you can cook or cut vegetables."
"Are you looking down on me?" Matthew unbuttoned his cuffs and pulled his sleeves up. He washed his hands in the basin, "Give me the knife, I'll cut the vegetables."
Dolores looked at him, "You want to cut the vegetables?"
Matthew took the knife from her hand, "What's so hard about this?"
Dolores handed over the knife and stood at the side. She untied her apron, and tied it around Matthew's waist, "Then, you will prepare the meal for tonight?"
Matthew lowered his head and looked at her hand, which was tying the apron on his waist. He said with a light smile, "Do you dare to eat it if I'm the one cooking it?"
"What is there to be afraid of? No matter what the taste is, whether it is raw or cooked, I'll eat it as long as you make it." Dolores stood aside.
Matthew laughed, "Then I think I need to go for some culinary class. I can't let my daughter starve, right?"
As he said that, he glanced towards Dolores's stomach.
Dolores felt a little ridiculous. Why did he think that it will be a daughter in her stomach? And was he learning to cook just because for her daughter?
"You do the cooking today." After saying that, Dolores tried to leave the kitchen. Matthew pulled her wrist and said, "Stay here and accompany me."
Dolores looked at him faintly, "Let your daughter accompany you."
Matthew was lost for words.
He was stunned for a moment, thinking that her words were quite clueless. However, he quickly reacted and realized why she was acting like that. He couldn't help but smirk, "Are you jealous?"
"Who's jealous?" Dolores was not jealous. Even if she was, she wouldn't admit it.
"If you are not jealous, then why do you want to leave?"
"I don't want to stay in the kitchen." Dolores raised her head and said, "Let go of me now, I'm going out."
Matthew smiled and embraced her into his arms, "You are the one that I'm closest to, and also the one who shares the bed with me..."
Dolores instantly covered his mouth. They were in the kitchen, and there were people in the living room. How could this man talk without thinking about the occasion?
What if other people heard what he said?
"Help me take out my phone from my pocket." Matthew felt a vibration coming from his phone as though someone was calling him. His hands were still wet, so it was inconvenient for him to reach his phone.
Dolores warned him, "Don't fool around and say these kind senseless words. It's not good if other people hear what you say."
Matthew was speechless.
How was he saying senseless things?
They were couples, and they slept together too. So how would it be senseless to say that she was the one that he's closest to? His son would eventually get married and leave the house. As for his daughter, even how unwilling he was, she would eventually get married too.
Dolores asked, "Which pocket?"
"On the right side," Matthew answered her.
She reached her hand to his pocket, touched the vibrating phone, took it out, and saw Armand's name on the phone screen.
Thinking of what happened today, the smile on Dolores's face instantly vanished. She looked at Matthew and said, "It's Armand."
"You answer the call," Matthew said.
Dolores replied to him with an "um", then answered the call, "Hello?"
She could feel as if the person on the other side of the phone paused for a moment, seemingly felt weird because it was her who had answered the phone, "Dolores?"
Dolores said yes.
"I'm at the police station. Can you get Matthew here to bail me out?"
Dolores frowned, "Why did you end up in a police station?"
"I got into a fight," Armand said nonchalantly.
"Okay."
Armand replied with an "um" and hung up the phone.
"What's wrong?" Matthew asked. Dolores's did not look good.
"Armand got into a fight, and now he's at the police station. He asks you to go to the police station and bail him out." Dolores told him.
She put the phone back in his pocket, untied his apron, and said, "I'll go with you."
"I don't think it's a good idea for you to go to the police station." It was not a good place for her.
"I'll just go and check him out, otherwise I won't be at ease. Why did he suddenly get into a fight with someone else? It was most probably because of Theresa. Theresa had time to prepare herself. Even though she still feels sad, she could adjust to it with time. However, for Armand, it's different. The whole thing happened suddenly; I'm scared that he could not take it."
Matthew nodded.
The two of them left the kitchen. Dolores called Lucy and let her prepare dinner. Coral also finished her work outside, so she also went into the kitchen and helped prepare dinner.
“I'll be back soon. You guys prepare the dinner first." Dolores said.
Coral said, "You can just go. Lucy and I are at home, and we can prepare dinner. Don't worry too much."
Dolores smiled and said okay.
Matthew took the car key and went out with Dolores. After they got into the car, he drove straight to the police station.
Dolores hesitated and asked, "Do you think that it's a bad idea to hide this from Armand?"
"Since Theresa didn't want to say, you should not interfere in their business." No matter how good their relationship was, it wouldn't be good to meddle in other people's emotional affairs. It would be fine if it turned out well, but what if things ended in an ugly way? What would they see her as?
He didn't want Dolores to interfere with their problems.
Dolores understood what he meant, and lightly let out a sigh.
Matthew glanced at her, "You worry too much about other people every day. When the baby is born, she's going to become sentimental like you. Don't be too concerned about other people's matters. Everyone has their own fate."
Dolores couldn't help but felt amused, "How could you even relate them together?"
"Just listen to me," Matthew said overbearingly.
Dolores knew that he meant well for her and her child, "Okay, I'll listen to you."
After a while, they reached the police station. Matthew parked the car in front of the police station. As he got out of the car, Dolores followed behind and got out. She wanted to understand the situation too.
Matthew held her hand and they went into the police station together.
In fact, it was uncommon for them to be taken to the police station for this kind of pub fighting. It could be said that such a thing was quite common, and it had always happened in that kind of place. However, a customer saw that Armand got beaten up too badly, that was why he called the police.
And now, the manager and the two security guards, and Armand, were being questioned by the police and giving their statements.
As they went into the police station, they saw Armand sitting over there. There was blood on his body, and the wound on his head was roughly bandaged. Dolores frowned and thought, ‘He even had blood on his injuries, is he hurt badly?'
She raised her head and looked at Matthew.
Matthew held her hand and walked over.
Armand raised his head and saw them walking towards him. He turned his head in another direction, not wanting them to see his wounds.
But what he didn't know was, when he raised his head, they had already seen the wound on his face. Matthew went to handle the bail, and Dolores also did not ask him why he got into a fight in the first place.
She only asked if his injuries were serious or not.
Armand said, "It's not serious. Just some small injuries."
The black and blue bruises on the corner of his eyes were still there, and he still claimed that he was alright?
"Later when we get out from here, you should go and have a check-up in the hospital," Dolores said.
"I'm really fine. The wounds were all taken care of."
"Even if you feel fine, you should still go and have a check-up," Dolores said seriously.
Armand lowered his head and remained silent.
Both parties were responsible for this pub brawl. After mediation, both sides decided to not hold each other accountable and accepted the settlement. They could leave the police station after the guarantor signed the papers.
When they came out of the police station, only then Dolores dared to ask, "Was it because of Theresa?"
"Don't mention anything about her to me. From today onwards, I have nothing to do with her." Armand walked away alone and did not get into Matthew's car.
"Where are you going?" Dolores was worried about him.
Obviously. he was still disgruntled.
#####Chapter 643 What the Miller Family Wants
Armand had no idea. He had nowhere to go. Where could he go in this condition?
"Go to the villa," Dolores said.
If Theresa saw what he'd gotten himself into, she might be soft and willing to be honest with him.
If he was able to accept being childless, they wouldn't all have to suffer.
Armand lowered his head and kept quiet.
He didn't know what Dolores thought. Did he want Theresa to pity him?
He didn't want Theresa to see him in such a mess.
"No, there are too many people at the villa. I'll go to Boyce and stay at his house for a few days. I'll go home when I'm better. And don't say anything to Theresa about me. I don't want her to feel like I can't live without her. I ... am still Armand after today."
When he finished, he walked away.
Dolores wanted to stop him. She was worried about him.
Matthew took her hand and shook his head at her, "Let him be. He'll be fine once he gets over this."
There had to be a transition period.
Dolores listened to him and didn't continue to persuade Armand or call him back.
He was alone with his wounds, like an abandoned child, alone and helpless.
It was worrisome.
In the Miller's house…
Officer Miller called Boyce just to investigate his case. Now Declan and Old Mr. Bailey were in trouble and had no time for Boyce's case. At this juncture, Officer Miller used his connections to get Boyce out of trouble.
It was all made-up originally. If Old Mr. Bailey had not been arrested and this incident had not happened, he might have faked some evidence of Boyce's bribery to frame him.
Luckily, the Bailey family fell quickly. They didn't push it too far. There was much to work with.
So, it was quickly solved.
To celebrate, Officer Miller invited Boyce to his house for drinks.
After a few drinks, Officer Miller asked, "When are you going to get married to your girlfriend?"
Boyce paused as he held his glass. And then he raised his head and drank his wine and said, "We broke up."
He didn't want to explain it. In fact, they had never been in love at all, and it was all rumored due to that incident.
Last time, they came to Miller's house as boyfriend and girlfriend in disguise as well.
Officer Miller frowned, "That girl is nice, isn't she? Did you bully her?"
Wendy heard her father's words as she brought up the food and said, "How could Boyce be that kind of person? The fact that they broke up only means they weren't meant to be."
Officer Miller glanced at his daughter, "You stay out of it."
"It's okay. Wendy's right." Boyce wasn't even sure if he had a crush on Jasmine.
He just felt somewhat uncomfortable with her sudden disappearance from his world and felt as if a lot of things were missing.
Wendy sat down next to him, "Boyce, don't drink too much." Then she looked at Officer Miller and said with a complaining tone, "Dad, even though you're happy, you can't make him drink too much."
Officer Miller raised an eyebrow and said, "I'm your dad, right?"
Wendy nodded, "Of course."
"Why do I feel that you are better to Boyce? Why don't you care about me?" Officer Miller looked at his daughter.
He knew his daughter's feelings.
That was also why he made so much effort to help Boyce.
He knew that his daughter was divorced and that it was not very likely for her to be with Boyce, so he had to be very good to Boyce.
If he was willing to be with his daughter, he wouldn't feel too guilty to him.
And maybe Boyce could accept his daughter for his sake.
He was selfish.
No matter how selfless people were, they would still be more or less selfish in the affairs of their loved ones.
After all, she was his daughter. He always wanted to help her.
He was a father. Besides, he only had one daughter.
Boyce was a little drunk and didn't think about what they meant.
Even if he hadn't been drunk, he wouldn't have been able to figure out that Officer Miller wanted him to be his son-in-law.
"Come on, let's have another drink. You should celebrate for being able to save the day this time. As the saying goes, 'a disaster survived is a blessing in store'."	
Wendy looked at Officer Miller, "It's not as bad as you say! Boyce is a lucky man. He's always been a good and decent person."
"Whatever! Come on, let's drink." Officer Miller raised his glass.
Boyce also picked up the glass because he felt embarrassed to refuse Officer Miller. He could feel that he had drunk too much.
After drinking with Officer Miller, Boyce said, "I can't drink anymore. I've had too much."
Mrs. Miller smiled and said, "It's okay. You can sleep here tonight if you are drunk. Anyway, we have spare rooms."
Mrs. Miller knew that Boyce and Jasmine had 'broken up' and was very kind to Boyce.
She felt that her daughter had a chance.
She wanted Boyce to be her son-in-law.
#####Chapter 644 The Riddle
Boyce did drink a lot, but he had a clear head. No matter how close he was to Officer Miller, he couldn't sleep in his house.
He wanted to refuse, but he didn't know how to refuse Officer Miller's hospitality.
After all, it was Officer Miller who helped him this time.
No matter what, he owed him a favor.
"Boyce, why do you seem preoccupied?" Officer Miller looked at him and asked.
Even Officer Miller, who was a little drunk, could see that Boyce was hesitant.
Just as Boyce wondered how to answer Officer Miller, his phone rang in his pocket. He said, "I'll take a call."
He took out his phone. Wendy, who sat next to him, deliberately glanced at his phone screen, as if she was worried that Jasmine might be calling him again.
However, his phone screen showed a call from his sister-in-law. She was relieved. But he was not from City B and had no relatives here. How could he have a sister-in-law here?
Wendy gave Boyce a strange look.
Boyce picked up the phone as soon as he saw the caller ID.
"Hello."
"Is this Boyce?" Dolores asked.
Dolores didn't feel comfortable with Armand leaving alone, so she called Boyce to ask him to take care of Armand.
Boyce said, "Yes."
"Armand said he would come to you. Please take care of him," Dolores said.
Boyce frowned and asked, "What's wrong with him?"
"He broke up with Theresa and is in a bad mood. We just got him out of the police station."
"Why was he at the police station?" Boyce asked nervously.
Did he do something wrong?
Otherwise, why would he be at the police station?
"He fought with someone. He was hurt quite badly. I wanted him to come with us to the villa, but he didn't want to. Today, we have something else to do, so I want to ask you to take care of him. I'm afraid he'll do something crazy again."
They planned to give Oscar a welcome party tonight. So both she and Matthew had to be at the villa. After all, they had to introduce Oscar to Jayden and Kevin.
So, they couldn't stay with Armand.
Boyce said, "I got it. I'm going to find him."
Dolores gave a hmm.
After the call hung up, Boyce also found a reason to go back. He looked to Officer Miller, "I have something I need to get back to."
Officer Miller didn't force him to stay. After all, he had something to do. So Officer Miller said, "Okay, go ahead. However, you are too drunk to drive ..."
"Dad, I'll give him a ride," Before Officer Miller could finish his sentence, Wendy interrupted him.
Officer Miller glanced at his daughter. He knew what she was thinking, sighed slightly, and said, "Boyce can't drive after drinking, so you can drive him."
Boyce said, "I can take a taxi."
He didn't want to bother them. He was quite worried about Armand now, and he couldn't tell Wendy's intention.
However, even without Armand, Boyce was so dull that he wouldn't notice Wendy's feelings for him.
Wendy took her car key and said, "It's not easy to get a taxi around here. It's better for me to drive you. You have drunk so much. If you leave alone, my father will not be at ease. If something happens to you, we are also responsible. After all, you drink at our house. You should stop excusing yourself. We are so familiar with each other. It's okay for me to send you back. Are you afraid that I will eat you up?"
Since Wendy said so, Boyce couldn't refuse, so he had to agree.
On the way, he called Armand's phone. His phone could be reached, but he didn't answer.
He heard from Dolores that he was in a bad mood, so he was worried. He called him again, and still no one answered.
He called Armand twice and no one answered, so he got a little anxious.
Wendy, who was driving the car, said comfortingly, "Don't worry. Wait a while before you call again."
Boyce nodded.
Wendy asked, "Where are we going now?"
Boyce gave the address of his home.
Dolores said that Armand came to him. At this hour, he couldn't go to his office. Then, he could only go to his house.
After more than ten minutes, the car pulled up in front of the neighborhood where he lived.
Wendy parked the car. He opened the car door and got out, saying, "Drive slowly. Be safe."
Wendy lowered the car window and said with a smile, "I'm in your neighborhood. Aren't you going to invite me up for a cup of tea?"
Boyce was speechless.
She smiled and said, "Just kidding! You go find your friend. I'll go first."
With that, she raised the window and started the car to leave.
She looked at Boyce in the rearview mirror and the corners of her mouth curled up in a confident smile as if to say, 'You can't get away from me.'	
Boyce turned around and walked into the neighborhood and got into the elevator. When he got to the floor where he lived, the elevator door opened. He stepped out of the elevator and saw Armand sitting in front of his house.
He walked over quickly and found that he was asleep, probably because of drinking too much or because of the injuries on his body.
Anyway, he was asleep against the door.
He opened the door, helped Armand in, and put him on the bed.
During this process, Armand didn't respond at all, nor did he show any signs of waking up.
Boyce frowned, "Why did you get yourself into this mess? Do you want to die?"
Dolores said he had a breakup.
When had he ever been in love?
He sighed and took off Armand's shirt, pants, and shoes that had blood on them. He not only had blood on him, but also the smell of alcohol, which smelled so bad.
As he tucked him in, Boyce saw that he still had a few bruises. He stood by the bed, thinking about who he had fought with.
How could that person have hit him so hard?
He had medicine in his house. Because of his profession, he had some medicine at home to deal with minor injuries. He took the medicine out and gave some on Armand's body and face. The wound on his head had already been treated, so he left it untouched.
After that, he sat down on the couch. His house was small, with only a bedroom and a study. There was also a kitchen, but he rarely cooked at home.
He drank a glass of water to relieve his dry throat. After sitting for a while, he got up and went to take a shower. Then, he rested on the couch.
It wasn't late. But when he drank, he wanted to sleep.
It was time for dinner now.
He and Officer Miller were so focused on drinking that they didn't eat much.
He wouldn't feel hungry if he slept.
Matthew and Dolores returned from the police station and saw Oscar already mingling with everyone at home. Before Dolores introduced him, he introduced himself already.
The two children were also familiar with him, so he quickly fitted in.
"Uncle, why are you here so early?" Dolores said as she changed her shoes and came in.
Oscar smiled and said, "You are going to give me a welcome party. I was afraid I would be late for dinner."
He loved to joke around and had a sunny disposition.
Dolores smiled and said, "We won't have dinner until you're here."
Then she looked to Jayden and Kevin and said, "Dad, uncle, this is my uncle ..."
"Well, I've already introduced myself. I'm you uncle, you're my niece, and your dad is my big brother," Oscar interrupted her and repeated the words he had used to introduce himself to them.
Dolores laughed. That was what he got. No matter where he went, he could soon get acquainted with others. Dolores didn't have to worry that he wouldn't get used to being here.
"I'll go see if dinner is ready."
After saying that, she went to the kitchen to see if it was ready for dinner.
Matthew didn't go upstairs and sat down on an empty couch downstairs. Since no one played with Cotton, it laid down at his feet.
Oscar was playing a game of riddles with the two children and Kevin joined them.
Jayden looked so down. After learning about Oscar's identity, he thought about the people and events of the past. Jolene and Victoria were women who appeared in his life, but none of them were with him now.
He felt melancholy.
Compared to Jayden's silence, Oscar and Kevin had a lot of fun.
Oscar was less-educated than Kevin. He was not well-educated, so the riddles he came up with were very different from Kevin's.
Kevin's riddles were mostly anagrams, while Oscar's were some weird and interesting riddles that were widely circulated.
Kevin's question in the last round was, "What letter is a question?"
"Guess a letter."
Andrew got it right. The answer was Y.
Then it was Oscar's turn. He thought for a moment and said, "What goes on four legs in the morning, on two at noon, and on three in the evening?"
#####Chapter 645 Your Whole Family Are Pigs
He said immediately afterwards, “Guess a living thing.”
Amanda was puzzled and thought that it was so difficult.
“Oscar, just come up with something easy that I can guess correctly. I haven’t even guessed it correctly yet.” She pouted while acting cute.
“This one is very easy.” Oscar caressed her head, “You have to think with your brain.”
“She is a pig and she can’t think. She only knows how to eat.” Andrew provoked her.
Amanda was furious instantly, “You’re the one who is a pig. Your whole family are pigs!”
Andrew was speechless.
The living room was quiet for a while. All of a sudden, Oscar and Kevin burst into laughter. 
It was because only both of them were not members of the Nelson family in the entire living room.
Andrew shook his head and sighed as his sister was already incorrigibly stupid.
Amanda was so angry with Andrew that she blurted it out. She regretted it after she finished saying that. She felt so embarrassed that she hugged Matthew and hid in his arms.
Matthew patted his daughter’s back and comforted her, “It is alright.”
The little girl still buried her face in his hug and did not say anything.
Matthew coaxed her and said, “Let me help you guess the riddle?”
Amanda immediately raised her head and asked, “Really?”
Her attitude changed so quickly without giving him a chance to respond.
He laughed helplessly and said, “Yes.”
“Then tell me what goes on four legs in the morning, on two at noon, and three in the evening?” Amanda was slightly aggressive as she was eager to make a correct guess.
Matthew analyzed for her and triggered her to think, “When you were a baby…”
“I know what it is.” Andrew had already thought of it as soon as Matthew gave a hint, “People.”
He smiled and explained, “When I was a baby, I crawled on all fours, and now I walk upright, but when people get old, they will use a walking stick.”
Amanda glared at her brother with her eyes wide, “So annoying!”
He always answered before Amanda.
“Oscar, you come up with another one.” She leaned over Matthew’s shoulder and whispered, “Daddy, you must help me. I must win my brother once.”
Matthew smiled dotingly and helplessly, what could he do about his daughter’s request?
He could only agree to it.
Oscar understood Amanda’s intention. He thought of another one in order to coax this capricious little girl, “What will put their heads out when the door is closed?”
“Guess a thing.”
Amanda blinked as she was thinking in her mind that how could something still put their heads out when the door was closed? Wouldn’t that snap their heads off?
She shivered while thinking. What kind of riddles were these?
It was not easy to guess at all.
“Hey daddy, the buttons on your shirt are hurting me.”
Matthew hugged his daughter tightly. He deliberately let the buttons on his shirt hurt her, but this little girl was slow-witted.
Andrew blinked while observing Matthew’s expression. He guessed, “Is it a button?”
Soon, he confirmed this answer in his mind, “The answer is a button. Haha, I guess it correctly again.”
Amanda glared at him fiercely, “How can it be a button?”
Oscar discouraged her, “It is a button. When you button up your clothes, don’t the buttons have to be exposed?”
Once she heard that this was really the answer, Amanda said immediately, “I’m the one who said buttons first. So, I’m the one who guessed correctly.”
“You didn’t say it was the answer,” Andrew replied.
“I’m the one who guessed correctly as I said it first,” Amanda said loudly as if whoever was louder made sense.
Kevin said to Oscar who was sitting beside him, “Amanda is indeed naughty.”
Oscar also laughed.
Dolores came out and called them for dinner.
Amanda got down from Matthew’s arms and ran to Dolores. She said aggrievedly, “Mommy, brother is always bullying me.”
Dolores caressed her head, “How does brother bully you again?”
“Alright, you guessed it correctly. You’re clever, okay? Don’t always complain. You’re going to a primary school soon and don’t be so childish.” Andrew walked to the dining room and sat down on the last chair after saying that.
“You’re also a kid. Don’t just talk about your sister.” Dolores glanced at him. He was still young, but he was acting like an adult every day.
“Hehe.” Amanda was happy when she heard Dolores scolding her brother. She forgot the unpleasant things just now and was not angry anymore. She walked to the dining room and sat beside her brother.
“Brother, you’re not much older than me. It is just only a few minutes.”
Andrew glanced at his sister, “A few minutes is still older than you. You will have to call me brother for the rest of your life.”
“I would rather be your sister. You’re my elder brother and you have to be nice to your sister, understand? Otherwise, it is not right. The elder is supposed to let the young, do you know that?” She learned this from the preschool in City C.
She used this to argue with Andrew. This little guy was still very smart.
The dinner today was scrumptious. Theresa was also helping in the kitchen. Dolores saw her washing the dishes and vegetables when she entered the kitchen.
Dolores knew that she was not so happy today. Although she had adjusted her condition, she could not have returned to the initial state at once.
It was also impossible for her to fully recover just like in the beginning.
A broken item would still have a crack no matter how many times it was repaired.
Dolores told her to rest in her room. However, she said that it was better to do something than staying alone since one would think too much easily alone.
She was right too. So, Dolores did not ask her to rest and let her help in the kitchen. Everybody could chat together and forget those unpleasant things.
Dolores went to get some wine when the dishes were served.
It was definitely impossible to do without wine for such an occasion today.
Dolores took a bottle of red wine. Even though alcohol was a necessity, she got red wine instead of liquor.
The main concern was the atmosphere.
The goblets were cleaned before. She opened the wine and put it on the table.
Jayden spoke suddenly, “Let’s have the wedding at the Century Tower.”
The Century Tower was a landmark in City B with 108 floors and more than five hundred metres. One could view the entire City B by standing on the one hundred and eighth floor.
There was a seven-star hotel next to it.
There was a total of seven seven-star hotels in the country. They were located in four of the more prosperous cities.
City B was one of these four prosperous cities and it was superb among them.
“Will this be too ostentatious?” Dolores felt that it would be too extravagant to do so. How much would it cost?
Those jewels would cost quite a lot.
“How many times do you plan to get married?” Oscar asked.
Dolores answered without hesitation, “Once, of course.”
She had not thought of getting married for the second time.
Matthew looked at her and smiled gently.
He seemed to like her answer.
She belonged to him for the rest of his life.
“Why don’t we make it even grand since it only happens once in a lifetime?” Oscar did not think that there was anything wrong with that. It was not because they were poor, yet he could pay for it since the money was left by her father anyway.
He just felt that Dolores was his elder brother’s only child. So, a grand wedding should be held if she got married.
It was undoubtedly true.
Jayden felt sorry for Victoria. Now, his son was getting married and he did not want his son to have any regrets. Therefore, he also wanted the wedding to be even grand. He saw his son as his spiritual hope to realise his dream.
“Just rest assured and take care of your baby, we will settle everything,” Kevin said.
The venue for the wedding was decided by Jayden and him together. He knew Jayden’s intention as Matthew was his only nephew.
He would also want it to be lively and joyful. Moreover, Matthew himself had said that it should be grand.
“You don’t have to worry about it. So many elders are planning it for us. You should be happy.” Matthew held her hand and made her sit down beside him.
Although many of them were absent, it was a blessing to have these elders around.
Dolores looked at him and nodded. She understood his point.
The wedding was just around the corner but the preparations were not completed yet. Oscar had initially come to attend the wedding, but he ended up dealing with the preparations as well.
Matthew and Dolores did not have to worry about anything. Everything was planned and prepared by the three elders.
The days seemed to pass slowly, but time was actually ticking.
Soon, it was the wedding day.
#####Chapter 646 Wedding Eve
On the day before the wedding, she was busy trying on the dress and deciding her make-up. She did not sleep well at night as Matthew was not beside her. As a result, she was still sleeping even though it was already over eight o’clock in the morning.
There was a tradition that the two people who wanted to get married could not meet each other on the day before the wedding. So, Matthew was not at home yesterday and he stayed in a hotel last night.
The make-up artist and stylist had already arrived at the villa. Theresa ran upstairs and woke Dolores who was still asleep, “Today is your wedding day. How can you still fall asleep?”
Dolores opened her eyes drowsily and saw Theresa’s anxious face, “There is still time, right?”
Theresa was speechless.
“Are you planning to go to the wedding ceremony in your pyjamas? Everybody is waiting for you. Hurry up and get ready.” Theresa was indeed helpless.
This new bride made people worry.
Dolores was awake as she rubbed her eyes and asked, “What time is it?”
“It is almost nine o’clock and you still haven’t put on make-up and changed your clothes. What are you up to? If you don’t want to get married, I will call your husband now.” Theresa deliberately teased her.
Dolores got down from the bed and went to wash her face. She was now only awake. Theresa pulled her, “Let’s go. Let the make-up artist help you primp.”
Dolores was speechless.
“There is still time. You shouldn’t be in such a hurry. He can’t run away anyway.” Dolores held her stomach and followed Theresa out.
Theresa stopped her step and looked back at her, “Who can’t run away?”
“The bridegroom,” Dolores replied appropriately.
Theresa was speechless.
She held her forehead and chuckled, “That’s why you’re not anxious, right?”
Dolores laughed and said, “Just kidding. Let’s go.”
She went back to her room and brushed her teeth. Then, she went downstairs.
Theresa just watched this whole process quietly. She thought in her mind that it would be nice if Matthew saw Dolores’s reaction like this.
His bride had taken control of him and did not even bother him.
Theresa wondered what he would say if he knew it.
Andrew and Amanda were the page boy and flower girl respectively. So, they also had to put on make-up and changed their clothes.
Tiana also came over to help out today. The make-up artist was doing Amanda’s make-up while Tiana was helping Andrew put on his suit. The small black suit was tailored to his height and weight with a white shirt and a black collar ribbon. He looked like a young gentleman.
“Dolores.” When Tiana saw her coming down, she smiled and greeted her.
Dolores also smiled.
“Let’s do your hair first.” The make-up artist was doing Amanda’s make-up. So, Theresa asked Dolores to sit on a chair and instructed the stylist to set her bridal hairstyle first.
Then, she would only put on make-up.
The stylist had already prepared everything and was just waiting for Dolores. As soon as she sat down, the stylist took out the curling iron. The stylist just had to do it as they had already decided on the hairstyle previously.
The stylist set her hair to the back, leaving some hair on the two sides of the forehead. The stylist used the curling iron to curl her hair with a skilful braiding technique. The hair on the two sides was braided with the same technique while the rest was set to the back of her head.
Theresa took the crown out of the secret box and handed it to the stylist. When she tried the crown, the diamonds were all fake. However, the diamonds on this crown were genuine.
The stylist’s eyes flashed, “As a stylist, I have done styling for many brides and I have seen many crowns. Most of them are custom-made. Although they are all genuine diamonds, still none of them are like yours, so many and big, also of such high quality. It is really beautiful and it doesn’t look like domestic craftsmanship. If you want to compare the craftsmanship of a crown, apparently Western countries are better.”
#####Chapter 647 The Wedding Procession Is Here
Theresa urged, “Can you stop getting sentimental? Hurry up! You haven't done your makeup yet.”
The stylist smiled and carefully put the crown on Dolores's head. Dolores had not worn the wedding veil because it was too long. Dolores could only wear it after she had done her makeup.
After ten minutes, the makeup artist finished putting on makeup for Amanda. Amanda had done her hairstyle in the morning. After that, the makeup artist started to put on makeup for Dolores.
When the makeup artist put on the makeup halfway, she said with a smile, “I find your facial features very good-looking.”
Every single feature was so flawlessly delicate, making the whole not only stunning at first glance. As one looked longer at Dolores, she would seem even more attractive.
Dolores smiled.
The makeup artist had complimented Dolores's features yesterday, and she could not help but say, “I can't tell that you're the mother of three children. You look very young.”
Dolores smiled politely.
She could not take it further because she was still young. Ordinary people were only married at that age, and eighteen was the age to study. Dolores had already been a mother when she was eighteen.
Dolores did her makeup after about an hour. Dolores usually did not wear makeup and looked innocent, exquisite, and generous. However, she looked more beautiful with makeup and exuded a unique sense of femininity that could only be found in women.
Theresa stood by the side and sighed with compliments, “You should always wear makeup in the future. You look so beautiful with makeup.”
Dolores looked at her, “Are you complimenting me, or are you saying I'm ugly with my natural look?”
“Makeup is a finishing touch. Your natural look is also pretty, and you look even more beautiful with makeup as embellishments,” the makeup artist said.
After makeup, Dolores went to put on her wedding dress. Andrew was the last to do his makeup. It was almost eleven o'clock in the morning when they were ready.
Theresa tidied up her wedding dress, and the stylist helped Dolores put on the veil to make the final preparations.
Dolores wanted to ask Theresa to be her bridesmaid because she did not have many friends. However, Theresa refused because she had herself caused.
There were many customs to pay attention to during the wedding. The bridesmaids could not be those who had married or had experienced unhappy marriages. Although Dolores did not care about it, Theresa did not want to bring her misfortune to others.
So there were no bridesmaids and groomsmen for this wedding.
Although there were suitable candidates to be the best men, Matthew did not arrange best men since there was no bridesmaid.
Otherwise, it would be an ill appearance if there were only the best men at the wedding.
For the sake of concordance, they did not make any arrangements for that.
After everything was ready, Dolores sat on the sofa and waited for the wedding procession. Theresa and Tiana helped Dolores lift her dress while Coral and Lucy prepared the dowries.
The dowries were all prepared by Oscar. He thought that he should prepare for Dolores as an elder since her parents were away.
Oscar had money that was all left to Dolores by his elder brother. So Oscar was very generous in spending money on Dolores's wedding.
The dowries included pieces of jewelry, gold and jade artifacts, real estate, and cash. A woman should have a quilt, it was said, as her dowry. The quilt cover was embroidered with flowers that using golden thread.
A quilt had the meaning of a lifetime.
So Oscar made a great effort in embroidering the quilt. He did not understand these at first. It was thoughtful of Oscar to do all these after listening to the wedding planning company.
Dolores's dowries occupied half of the living room.
Many news organizations helped Matthew in what happened last time. So Matthew promised a few major news organizations to do exclusive reports about his wedding.
Lucy and Coral arranged the dowry neatly. The three red suitcases holding the cash were open.
Oscar purposely did it, and his intention was simple. Dolores's husband was rich, but Dolores was not far behind. Oscar did not want rumors about Dolores going around that she was married to the Nelson family was above her station.
He wanted everyone to know that Dolores was also rich. Dolores and Matthew were a handsome couple, and they were a perfect match for each other in position and money.
So that others could not say a word against them.
The reporters took pictures of the dowries.
Coral stood in front of the window and waited for the wedding procession.
At noon, she saw the wedding procession like a winding dragon, and the luxury cars that were all black were driving slowly from afar. She surprisingly said, “Here they are, here they are. The wedding procession is here.”
#####Chapter 648 I Have No Sense of Conscience
Theresa ran over to the window, “Let me see.”
Coral pointed outside, “Look there.”
Theresa looked over to the outside.
The cars were about to drive to the villa gate at this time.
Theresa did not see where they stopped the car because some objects blocked her view. She did not know how many cars there were. However, she knew that there would not be fewer cars outside with such a high-profile event.
Soon Theresa saw someone opened the car door. The first thing that caught her eyes was a pair of long, slender legs, followed by the man who leaned over and got out of the car.
The man was in a black suit that fitted him perfectly and showed a flowing line of his figure. He looked firm and extraordinary with his outfit.
Matthew walked towards the villa steadily. Although there was no best man, there were those who accompanied Matthew to the escorting the bride.
They were all in black suits and followed orderly in a line behind Matthew.
Theresa saw the door was about to open, so she ran behind the door to lock it and said to everyone in the house, “Although we don't have bridesmaids, we can't easily let the groom meet the bride.”
“That's right,” Coral agreed so much, “I see there are so many games that make it hot for people on the internet. Why don't we have some too?”
“Coral is cute in this way. Just do as you say. I'll stall them off. You take Tiana and Lucy to prepare the things needed,” Theresa said.
Coral said cheerily, “Alright, I'm on it.”
At the same time, the groom and his men reached the door, and someone was knocking on the door.
Theresa opened the small door a little way next to her and said, “If you want to come in, give us the red packets first.”
Someone outside the house said, “Isn't there no bridesmaid? Why is someone making things difficult for us?”
Abbott said, “They did not say that we can easily meet the bride without bridesmaids. Hurry to prepare the red packets since we can't burst the door.”
The copper door of the villa was fireproof and burglarproof, so they could not burst the door since it was not the wooden door in the ancient.
They all thought they could easily meet the bride when they arrived at the villa because there were no bridesmaids. So they did not prepare the red packets.
“Fortunately, the wedding planner had given me a red packet,” Boyce walked over to the door and took out the red packet from his pocket.
Abbott said, “The wedding planner has more experience than us since they know that there may be unexpected circumstances.”
Boyce nodded, and he recalled the words the wedding planner said, “You should prepare the red packets whether they want it or not, just in case.”
At that time, Jayden was also with him, so he had someone took the cash and put it in the car, just in case of need.
The cash was all in use at this time.
Theresa shouted at them, “There was only a little money in the red packet, and it's not enough to impress me. I'm powerless to open the door. It's up to you.”
Boyce knocked on the door, “Theresa, we go back a long way. Can you open the door for us?”
“Don't curry favor with me. Give me the red packets,” it was not going to work on Theresa.
Boyce smiled and said, “You have no conscience.”
“You can take it as I have no sense of conscience, and I'm a heartless person now. Anyway, I'll not let you guys come in easily,” Theresa made up her mind, and nobody could convince her.
“Okay, okay,” Abbott handed the red packet stuffed with money to Matthew.
Matthew shoved the red packet under the door, and Theresa picked it up and said, “We have many people inside the house. How can one be enough?”
Theresa waved at the stylist and makeup artist, “Come over here, and we've got red packets to take.”
Everyone was happy to have a red packet to take.
Theresa got a lot of them and gave them to Coral and Lucy, as well as Tiana. Everyone took it as a blessing to the bride and the groom.
Coral put the red packets together and said, “Will it be too difficult for them in this way?”
Coral and Lucy took out all the chili powder and the wine in the house. They made the chili powder water and chili powder wine as well. They could imagine how nasty the taste of the chili powder water and wine were.
“This is nothing,” the makeup artist said, “I see there are durians in the kitchen. Let’s put the durian husks on the floor and ask the men to step in with bare feet.”
Theresa covered her mouth with her hands, “Will this be too harsh?”
“This is nothing. I've seen those put the eggs on the floor and asked the groomsmen to step on the eggs and not break the eggs. They would only open the door if they didn't break the eggs,” the makeup artist had helped many brides to put on makeup, and she had seen many fun things.
Coral raised her head and asked, “So how did they go in the house in the end?”
People would definitely break the eggs when stepping on them. So it was bullshit for not breaking the eggs.
“Three hundred eggs broken, and with only one left,” the makeup artist said.
The stylist joined the topic and said, “Me too. I met the one who put wasabi into the wine.”
Everyone was speechless.
“So we're not overdoing it. It's nothing as compared to those difficult ones,” Theresa said.
“That's right,” Everyone repeated in agreement.
Knock.
At this time, someone knocked on the door again, and Abbott spoke outside, “We've given the red packets. Can you open the door for us now?”
Theresa helped Dolores up, “You go to the room and stay there first. We are all women and certainly not as strong as them. If they want to play hardball to wrest you from us, we can do nothing to them. So we have to put you out of their sight first.”
Dolores smiled and could not do anything to Theresa as well. Dolores could only listen to her. Everyone was happy about it, so she was willing to cooperate with them.
Tiana accompanied her, “Dolores, I'll accompany you in the room.”
Theresa said, “Alright, you lock the door. You don't open the door unless I say yes, okay?”
Tiana said, “Okay, don't worry.”
Theresa nodded and walked over to open the door.
The people outside rushed into the house once Theresa opened the door. However, they stopped when they saw the durian husks on the floor. Abbott asked, “Didn't we give you the red packets?”
“I only promised to let you come in after giving the red packets.”
“Do you think that you can stop us?” Boyce knew there were not many people in the house. They could easily break into the house.
Theresa was not anxious. She had expected it and prepared for it. So she was calm, “You can't meet the bride even if you break into the house.”
#####Chapter 649 My Bride Is Very Beautiful
Boyce looked into the room and really didn’t see anyone. He smiled, “You’re kind. Don’t make it difficult for us. Quickly let the bride go with us.”
Theresa put her hands around her chest, “How can we let the bride go with you all easily? You must go through our challenges so that we can trust you and let the bride go with you with ease.”
Boyce was speechless.
“Hurry up. Otherwise, we might miss the auspicious time.”
Boyce said, “I’ll try my best so that I can bring back the bride for my buddy.”
He was the first one to take off his leather shoes. He was wearing socks on his feet, trying to step on the durian skin. It was fucking pain. He felt that Armand should be the one to experience that.
He thought that he should have brought Armand there so that he could bring Theresa away. He really thought that Theresa was trying to make them in trouble.
Abbott who was biting his finger carefully looked at Boyce and asked, “Does it hurt?”
‘Does it hurt?’
‘Of course!’
However, he said it didn’t hurt. He shook his head and said, “Not at all. I feel like this durian is ripe and its thorns are soft.”
He knew that Abbott would be reluctant to do the challenge with him if he told him the truth.
Abbott displayed a look as if he didn’t believe Boyce’s words, “We will feel pain even when we take it with our hands, let alone with our feet?”
Boyce was smart this time and he looked at Abbott and said, “If you don’t want to bring back the bride for your boss, then you don’t come up.”
It was clear that he was trying to threaten him.
He said while taking off his shoes, “How are you so mean and shameless just like Armand. I used to think that you were a good person, now I think you’re a bad guy.”
Boyce let out a laugh, “It’s okay if you think I’m a bad guy. As long as you suffer the pain with me, I won’t care what you want to say.”
Abbott tsked, “You’re so bad.”
With that, he stepped on the durian skin. At the moment, he almost shouted in pain.
He felt like there was a needle piercing the skin of his foot until his heart. The pain made him want to scream. It was torturing him.
Fortunately, they only needed to bear with the pain for a short time to complete the challenge.
Coral told the makeup artist some rules, “Let them drink a glass of chili water and a glass of wine, one followed another. 
Abbott said, “I just want to drink the wine.”
He would rather just drink the wine than drinking the chili water.
“Cannot,” Theresa came over and said.
Abbott sniffed, “If you were a bridesmaid, I would play a prank on you even more.”
Theresa smiled, “Unfortunately, I’m not a bridesmaid.”
She was glad that she wasn’t the bridesmaid.
If she were a bridesmaid, they would play a prank on her.
“I’ll go first this time,” Abbott volunteered and picked up a glass of chili water. Then, he plucked up his courage to tilt his head back and pour the chili water into his mouth.
He frowned and displayed a funny look. The chili water was not only spicy but also made his throat feel pain. It was really torturing him.
He felt that the wine would be more pleasant to drink.
He decided not to be the groomsman of anyone in the future. He wasn’t the groomsman this time and needed to be pranked like this. If he really became one, it would be more terrible.
He secretly decided it in his mind.
The good thing was there were many people there. The drinks were finished quickly.
Theresa smiled, “For the sake of your sincerity, I’ll let you all see the bride.”
She went to the door and knocked at it, “Tiana, open the door.”
After a while, she heard the sound of unlocking the door, followed by the sound of opening the door.
She turned sideways so that they could come in and see the bride.
In the room, there were fresh roses on the bedside table. The red word “Blessing” was pasted at the end of the bed. Tiana picked the rose petals inserted in the bottle and scattered them on the bed. The red rose petals looked attractive on the white wedding dress. It also looked very romantic.
Everyone was very conscious of what should they do. Of course, they should give way to let the groom look at his bride first.
Matthew stood in the doorway and raised his head to look at the bride. Although he knew her very well, he was still stunned by her bridal outfit.
Her slender body was wrapped by the white wedding dress, revealing her neck and collarbone which looked white like a delicate and light jade.
Her face looked gentle as she had make-up. Her scarlet lips were charming and these two elements made her look stunning.
She was so beautiful that everyone would be attracted to her.
She also looked up at him. He was wearing a suit and looked good. He looked reliable and exuded the aura of a mature man.
He strode forward and reached out to lift her hair gently on her forehead. He smiled and said, “My bride is very beautiful today.”
She was so beautiful that she wanted to hide her somewhere and admired her alone.
Dolores lowered her head.
She looked a bit delicate and shy.
Dolores smiled.
She looked charming.
Theresa brought the wedding shoes over, “You must give me a red packet as I took the initiative to send them over.”
She said while smiling.
Matthew took the shoes and said, “Boyce, give her a red packet and put more money inside.”
Today was his big day. He was very happy and in a good mood.
Boyce took the red packet that was left and stuffed more money inside and handed it to her, “You must treat me to a meal in the future.”
Theresa said miserly, “I want to save it up.”
“Cheapskate,” Boyce said with a smile.
“Is it the first day you think I am a cheapskate?” Theresa smirked.
Boyce smiled and didn’t say anything, so did Theresa. She took out her phone to take a photo of the newly-wed couple.  Matthew squatted on one knee in front of Dolores and put on her wedding shoes.
As Dolores was pregnant, the heel of the shoes was not too high. It was only about five centimeters. Although Dolores was tall, wearing flat shoes would not be suitable to match with the wedding dress.
The wedding dress was too big and it would make her look short. It would not look good so that she chose the shoe with a medium heel. However, she actually didn’t need to walk very much. She only needed to wait until the wedding finished so that she could change into a normal shoe.
The wedding shoe was silver and white and it was studded with diamonds shining brightly.
Dolores’s feet weren’t big. They were thin and slender. Even her toes were white. The nails weren’t overly decorated and looked clean.
Matthew picked up her feet and gently put them into the shoes. He lowered his eyes and said, “Sorry for making you sad last time.”
They didn’t have a wedding ceremony that year and didn’t register for marriage together for her to become his wife last time.
Recalling the time in the past, she felt very upset and tears rolled down her cheek.
She didn’t want to cry but didn’t know why her tears flowed out as if she couldn’t control it.
Matthew tilted his head and saw her tears. He reached out to wipe them for her, “Today is our big day. Why are you crying?”
She smiled, “I am too happy.”
“If you cry again, you will ruin your beautiful makeup.” Matthew gently wiped away the tears on her face and teased her.
“Do you think I’m ugly? Then I won’t marry you.” She pretended to be angry.
Matthew bent down and picked her up, saying, “It’s already too late. You have to marry me even if you don’t want to.”
One of the people shouted, “The bridegroom had gotten up.”
The atmosphere became festive at once. Theresa and Tiana were behind Dolores to help her to hold her wedding dress. Everyone followed them out of the villa.
At this time, the thunderous sound of salute rang out suddenly.
Colourful ribbons fell from the sky and landed on the ground. The ribbons were landed on people at the place. The wedding car which led the convoy was a white Roll-Royce Phantom with flowers tied into a beautifully shaped bouquet at the front.
The car was white and it looked very conspicuous.
Matthew put her into the car and immediately sat beside her while holding her hand.
He placed Dolores’s hand on his lips and kissed it gently, “I’m by your side. Don’t worry. Don’t be afraid.”
Dolores was very nervous and she softly hmmed.
She wouldn’t be afraid of anything by his side.
Theresa and the children were sitting in the car behind them.
Soon, the wedding car departed and the convoy of cars also slowly drove away.
#####Chapter 650 A Gift For Her
It took about one hour to go from the villa to the wedding place. There were so many cars in big cities, so the queue was very long and the driving was relatively slow, but that time had already been calculated. Jayden checked the time and said 3:10 p.m. was the most auspicious time, so there was no need to be worried about being late.
The cars along the way were too conspicuous; moreover there were reports from several media, so the news would be widespread soon.
Everybody wondered who Matthew was going to marry and if it was the same woman who was with him at the mall.
After all, they seemed pretty intimate in that news story.
Once again, everybody was curious about that woman.
According to the value of her dowry, everybody knew that she had never been poor. After all, she had a rich dowry.
There had been a lot of speculations before, that that woman wanted to rely on her child in her belly to get ahead.
Now that was obviously untrue, because she belonged to a wealthy family, so she didn’t need to sell her body to reach a high position.
For a while, she made everyone believe that it was a wedding between two well-matched wealthy families and that union was also blessed.
After all, the bride was not only beautiful, but she also had a good family background, so some of them were envious rather than jealous.
If Dolores was a woman from a mediocre family, people would speculate about how she did to get to the top. Those ‘Cinderella’ women who dreamed of marrying a wealthy family would have this thought, “I’m not worse than her, why can’t I marry this handsome and rich man?”’
‘The human mind gives importance to the appearance.’
‘I still remember the news of a beautiful female student from a famous university who married a divorced rich man twenty years older than her. No matter how outstanding she was, people would say that she did it for money, and would ignore her feelings.’
When arriving at the wedding venue, Matthew took Dolores to the lounge to have a rest. He still had something to do, so after they got there, they separated from each other again.
Dolores sat on the sofa, her hands were still full of sweat. In the car, she and Matthew held their hands too tightly. Before she also thought she was already indifferent about the wedding.
However, when it came to that day, there were many feelings inside her heart, such as impatience, expectation and also a bit of nervousness. 
She didn’t even know what she was nervous about. She just felt nervous.
When Matthew clutched her hand, she had mixed feelings and thought of many things in the past. That should be a happy day for her, but in front of him, she was about to cry.
“We will be with you, don’t be nervous.” Theresa Gordon saw her nervous expression and comforted her.
Dolores looked up at her, “You know what? I thought I had been used to it, but today I still have expectations.”
“Of course, women are all emotional,” Theresa said.
‘Besides, marriage is a very important thing for a woman.’
‘After all, they say marriage is women’s second life.’
“You should feel lucky, “Theresa shook her hand, “Most people first get married, and after they experience the married life. On the contrary, you first experienced the married life and after you got married in a big way. Like that, you reduced the risk to marry a man you don’t like to live with. So, you are lucky.”
Dolores’ lips curled up softly, as to say that it made sense.
Knock, Knock…
Someone knocked at the door of the lounge.
Theresa stood up to open the door. A woman dressed up as a hotel maid stood at the door. “Excuse me, is there a certain Dolores, Ms. Flores?” 
“Yes,” Theresa said.
The person in front of her looked like a hotel maid, so Theresa didn’t overthink.
“Oh, I have a gift here for Ms. Flores.” The hotel maid handed over a gift box.
Theresa didn’t take it. Just when she was about to ask her who sent the gift, she heard a male voice, “Who sent it?”
Boyce Shawn came over.
Matthew was afraid that something wrong could happen and there was no any outcome from the Bailey family. He was afraid that someone could make troubles. The wedding place was completely patrolled by special personnel. Boyce was responsible for Dolores because Matthew trusted him.
For the good of the wedding, he personally supervised it.
It just so happened that Theresa wanted to ask the same question, but after hearing Boyce’s voice, she no longer asked. She looked at the hotel maid, and seemed to be waiting for her answer.
#####Chapter 651: Greeting Card
“It’s from a lady,” said the waitress.
“A lady?” Theresa was quite curious. She knew almost everyone around Dolores, wondering which friend of Dolores still hadn’t attended the wedding ceremony yet.
“Did she have any message?” asked Dolores.
She was wearing the wedding dress, so it was inconvenient for her to stand up and walked over. However, she had overheard their conversation.
She was pretty sure that all of her friends had come here. Others who couldn’t make it had called her for blessings. No one mentioned that there would be a gift sent to her.
Hence, she was quite alert to the person unknown.
The waitress shook her head, “She didn’t mention her name at all. She only asked me to send you this gift box,” answered the waitress honestly.
“Where did she hand the box to you?” asked Boyce.
Cameras were installed everywhere. As long as the waitress could give them any clue, they could easily find out the sender.
The waitress blinked, sensing that there must be something wrong with this matter. All of them were quite sensitive as if she was delivering a bomb.
She wondered if that was a bomb in the gift box for real.
As the waitress wondered, her hands started trembling.
She swallowed hard and continued, “At North Gate. The lady looked pretty. She said she’s a friend of the bride and asked me to send over the wedding gift. So, I... I took it here...”
Upon hearing her answers, Boyce immediately called to request the surveillance record. After that, he hung up the phone and took over the gift box.
“Thank you. You may leave now.”
The waitress immediately left as if they would make trouble to her if she stayed there longer.
Boyce untied the ribbon on the box. Theresa reached out to press his hand. Looking at him, she asked, “What are you doing?”
Boyce said, “I want to open it and take a look. We don’t know who has sent this box. What if there’s something dangerous inside?”
If the dangerous thing harmed Dolores, he couldn’t explain it to Matthew at all.
His words made sense. Theresa reached out to hold the box, “Since it might be dangerous, you can’t open it either. Leave it to me.”
Boyce was taken aback for a moment. Soon, he came back to his senses, “I can’t open it, but can you?”
“I’m already unlucky. I guess all my bad lucks had been used up. Hence, nothing unfortunate should happen to me again. It’s more suitable for me to open it.”
As she spoke, Theresa was about to open it.
“Wait, Theresa,” Dolores called her to stop.
“It’s a gift for me. Why would you guys open it?” Dolores came over despite the inconvenience caused by the wedding dress. Reaching out to Theresa, she said, “Give it to me.”
Theresa shook her head, “No, I can’t. What if it’s a bomb?”
“If it’s a bomb, can you remove it?” Dolores was quite aggressive, “Give it to me.”
Theresa still held the box, unwilling to give it to her.
Dolores reached out her hand, “Come on.”
Theresa looked up at Boyce for help.
Before Boyce was about to convince Dolores, the latter interrupted him, “If it’s destined to me, no one could block it.”
Dolores took over the box and sat down on the sofa. She took a deep breath and reached out to open the lock. When she was about to open it, Theresa hurriedly ran over, “Just leave it unopened. Let’s wait until the wedding finishes.”
Dolores looked up at her, “I’ll always feel uneasy if I don’t take a look at it.”
Theresa still wanted to convince her, but Dolores stopped her. Then she pulled Theresa’s hands away and opened the box.
The gift was covered with a layer of delicate package paper. There was also a card. Dolores picked it up and opened it. There was a greeting: “Conflagrations on your wedding.”
Theresa was standing next to her, reading the card.
“The handwriting looks pretty. Who is that woman?” asked her in confusion.
Dolores looked up at her. In silence, she put the card aside and opened the packaging paper.
#####Chapter 652: Wait for Me Over There
Theresa was more nervous than Dolores was. She clenched her fists, afraid that there would be a hazard in there.
However, after the packaging paper was removed, they saw a set of pink lingerie, which looked extremely seductive.
Boyce took a glance and turned around. Theresa was afraid there would be any tricks, so she picked up the lingerie and completely removed the remained package paper on it. There was nothing but that lingerie inside the box.
Frowning, she asked, “Who the heck has sent it?”
Dolores couldn’t figure it out either. If she had known it, she wouldn’t be so nervous just now. She put back the lid on the box and said, “Don’t tell Matthew about it now.”
“Are you sure?” Boyce was afraid that in case something happened, he couldn’t explain it to Matthew.
“It doesn’t matter. If it was from someone we know, it would be quite embarrassing.” Dolores made up her mind.
After the wedding, she’ll tell Matthew about it personally.
She didn’t want to hide it forever, but she would wait until their wedding was over.
Right then, the makeup artist knocked on the door and came in, “Ms. Flores, it’s almost time for the ceremony. Please let me fix your makeup.”
Dolores looked over at Boyce and Theresa, “All right. Be happy. Today is the happiest day in my life.”
Theresa nodded. While the makeup artist came in, she handed the bouquet to Dolores, “I’ll go to check on the kids next door,” said Theresa.
Dolores nodded in agreement.
At three o’clock. Dolores was standing in front of the gate of the hall, waiting to enter.
Theresa and other staff were tidying the wedding dress for her. Andrew and Amanda were standing by her side.
She wouldn’t be taken in by her father, but instead, she would be holding hands with her kids while walking in.
They were quite obedient. It seemed others had told them about things to pay attention to. They were quite sensitive, standing upright next to her.
When it was ten past three, the thick and heavy door was opened slowly. A spotlight fell on her and then was divided into three spotlights - one on her and the other on the kids.
Everyone was looking over at them.
The hall was full of people. Although there were not many family members in the Nelson family, they had a lot of business partners.
There was a red carpet on the floor, along which there were bouquets. The hall was quite fantastic and romantic, like a scene in a fairy tale.
Tightly holding the kids’ hands, Dolores stepped in slowly. As soon as she entered the hall, the wedding march was played.
Everyone started applauding.
Besides the press, the PR department of WY Group was also photographed at the scene. On the group’s official account of the micro-blog, they also posted a piece of news: “Today, the CEO of WY Group is getting married. Let’s send our blessings and best wishes to them!”
Probably it was because of the melody or the atmosphere at the scene, Dolores truly realized that she was getting married.
She stared at the man who was waiting for her at the end of the red carpet, walking to him step by step.
Matthew was staring at her as well. She wasn’t taken in by anyone. She walked in hand-in-hand with two kids, walking to him step by step.
He felt so touched and sorry for her.
This woman had given birth to his babies after he had left her. She brought them up while bearing the rumors and slanders for her as a single mother.
How brave and strong she was!
“Stop,” Matthew suddenly said. He was supposed to wait at the end for her to go over.
For a moment, others felt quite confused, wondering if there would be any changes for the wedding.
While others started discussing and glinted at them with gossiping eyes, Matthew looked at her and said, “Let me finish the rest steps. Please wait for me over there.”
As he spoke, he strode towards her.
She used to walk a long way alone. She had suffered a lot. Now, it was his turn to walk to her.
Although this didn’t conform to the rules, it was extremely touching.
When two people were together, both parties needed to give. It couldn’t be that only one party gave and the other party only waited without doing anything.
When he was in front o her, Matthew stopped and reached out his hand to her.
Dolores looked up at him.
He gently curled up his lips and said in a deep voice, “Let’s walk together from now on.”
Dolores pressed her lips, feeling soreness in her nose. Tears well up in her eyes.
Although her eyes were reddened, her face was full of faint smiles.
She slowly raised her hand and put it in his palm.
Matthew wrapped her hand with his, walking to the end of the red carpet while holding Amanda’s hand.
Warm blessing applause was heard from the guests.
It was such a warm and sweet scene.
It made others envy and yearn.
#####Chapter 653: She Was Taken to You By Heart
They arrived at the end of the red carpet, and the wedding march was finished. Another song was played.
With the pre-tune, they heard a gentle voice.
Noah was standing at the door, walking in while holding the microphone.
He wasn’t Sean Lee right now. He was Noah Harris, Jeffery’s son, a member of the Harris family.
He used to be a superstar. He didn’t only look handsome but also sang very well. With his emotional voice, he started singing the song ‘To You’.
“He’ll be your groom. From now on, he’s the partner for the rest of your life.
His everything will be relevant to you. You will share happiness and misfortune.
She’ll be your bride. She was taken to you by heart.
You must take care of her well all your life. You’ll share the bitterness and sweetness with her.
It must be a special fate that has brought you together to form a family.
He loves you more and you love him more. That leads to happiness.
You won’t be alone from now on. You’ll think as one.
How much you give, how much you’ll be loved. It must be a special fate that has brought you together to form a family...”
When walking to the couple, Noah singed emotionally.
Dolores didn’t want to weep at her wedding. However, when seeing him, she couldn’t help shedding tears.
She couldn’t hold back her tears at all. They continuously dropped from her eyes.
No matter how much she wanted to deny or ignore them, they were still related in blood.
Although she distanced herself from them, deep in her heart, she still longed for family affection.
After the song ended, Noah stopped singing. Standing not far away from Dolores, with reddish eyes, he called, “Dolores, my dear cousin.”
No matter what happened among the elders, they were still beloved cousins.
Noah still treated Matthew as his older brother and Dolores as his sister-in-law. However, he only called her cousin because it could fully express how much he loved and respect Dolores as his family member.
His blessing and addressing to Dolores could erase all the grudge and hatred between them.
Dolores covered her lips and held the hemline of her wedding dress, walking to him. Noah trotted to her and hugged her.
They didn’t speak because no words could express their feelings now. They only hugged each other in silence.
Matthew had forgiven the Harris family. He had done everything he could. Now, he just hoped that Dolores had a family.
She had already done enough for him. Hence, it was his turn to do something for her.
He didn’t want her to be alone again.
Watching them, Jeffery couldn’t stop weeping on the chair. Marina held him and stroked his back. Jessica was invited to attend this wedding as well. Watching the scene on the stage, she was sobbing as well.
Finally, she saw her daughter get married and reunite with her family.
That was the wish that she always had for Dolores.
“It’s your wedding day. Please don’t cry, Dolores.” Noah wiped off her tears. Holding her hand, he took her back to Matthew and passed her hand to him. He took a step back and bowed deeply to Matthew, “Thank you.”
He thanked Matthew for forgiving Jeffery and their family.
Matthew helped him up.
Dolores didn’t expect that Matthew had invited them, feeling surprised and touched.
She looked at him deeply, “I also want to thank you, Matthew.”
Matthew gently wiped off the tears at the corner of her eyes, “It’s me who should thank you, Dolores.”
He took the microphone over from Noah’s hand. Taking the chance, he wanted to announce the identities of the kids.
“Seven years ago, she married me secretly. However, I didn’t treasure her at all. I hurt her and dumped her. She still gave birth to my children. I felt so ashamed and touched. Today, in your presence, I want to tell you all - this is my wife and these are our children.”
The media reports at the scene once again got big news. This wedding had already raised several uproars.
The luxurious wedding was called Heyday Wedding by the netizens.
For Dolores, it was an unforgettable wedding. Although some trifle happened during it, she had forgotten about the unpleasant moment. She was completely immersed in the wedding ceremony.
When it was time to put on the wedding rings, Theresa handed the rings to the children.
Since he had prepared it before, this time, Matthew picked up the low-key rings at a high cost.
He wanted to give the best thing to her.
The ring was a solid naked diamond without any extra decoration. The simple four-claw inlay was simple and elegant.
Their wedding wasn’t held in a church and they didn’t make a vow. It was a completely new style of wedding.
The master of ceremonies read out the blessing skillfully, “From now on, your love has a destination, and your hearts are no longer lonely. Hold each other’s hands and grow old with each other. May your love is a garden full of roses in summer. I wish happiness accompany you from now on.”
While the blessing was read, the couple put on the wedding rings for each other. The ceremony ended.
Right then, another song was played. Matthew helped Dolores leave the hall.
Boyce and Abbott carried the children down from the stage. Armand had been sitting with the guests. Due to the injuries and wounds on his face, he felt it was too ugly. Hence, he didn’t go with others to pick up the bride earlier.
Right then, he didn’t go with Matthew to help him either.
He didn’t think he looked decent right now.
After all, it was a happy day. His wounds would kill the joy.
When he was sitting with the guests, he was wearing a big pair of sunglasses as well to cover the bruises.
In the lounge, Theresa said, “Dolores, let me help you change. It’ll be the banquet later.”
Dolores asked her to hold on for a moment, “I want to talk to Matthew.”
#####Chapter 654: I’m Quite Happy Today
Theresa left the lounge sensibly and closed the door behind her.
Matthew helped her hold the hemline of the wedding dress and let her sit on the sofa. He asked, “What do you want to tell me?”
Dolores reached out and wrapped her arms around his neck, making him look into her eyes.
They were so close that their breathes intertwined. Matthew wrapped around her waist. His deep eyes were twinkling. He slowly approached her ear and whispered, “What do you want to tell me?”
He was way too close, so Dolores slightly blushed. When she was about to speak, her lips were sealed by his warm lips.
She slowly closed her eyes. Her curly eyelashes slightly trembled next to his. She felt his breath. She didn’t move at all, enjoying the passionate kiss from his soft but hot lips.
Dolores wrapped his neck and kissed him back. After a long while, Matthew finally released her. They looked into each other’s eyes. She found the lipstick that stained his lips, so she reached out to wipe it off for him, “I’m so happy today.”
“Because you’ve married me?” Matthew faked that he didn’t understand what she meant. He knew that she was referring to the Harris family.
Dolores paused wiping for him. Knowing that he said it on purpose, she intentionally pressed his lips with her fingers. She said, “Don’t flatter yourself. What’s so happy about marrying you...”
Before she finished her words, Matthew grabbed her hand, pressed her on the sofa, and trapped her with his body. Supporting himself with arms on the sofa to avoid press her belly, he said while raising his eyebrows, “Aren’t you happy to marry me? Who do you want to marry then?”
Dolores didn’t dodge. Blinking, she gazed at him, “I want to marry my children’s father, a man who can bring me to surprise in the wedding. I want to marry a man named Matthew Nelson...”
Matthew let out a muffled laugh. Reaching out, he pinched her nose, “It’s still the daytime. Are you luring me now?”
“No, I’m not...”
Knock. Knock.
Right then, they heard a few knocks on the door, which interrupted Dolores. She pushed him, “Someone is at the door.”
Matthew released her, tidying up her wedding dress, kissed her on the forehead, and stood up to open the door.
Boyce was standing at the door. Seeing Matthew, he took a glance inside the lounge.
“What’s up?” Matthew could tell that he wanted to speak to Dolores but hide it from him. He asked, “Why? Can’t you tell me?”
Boyce shook his head, “Nah. I came for you. Everyone is waiting for you now.”
Matthew invited the directors of the overseas branches of the company, and he hadn’t met them yet.
Matthew nodded.
He turned to look at Dolores and said, “I’ll see you later.”
Dolores said, “All right. Go ahead.”
After Matthew left, Boyce walked into the lounge. He had sent his men to check the surveillance video and looked up the woman who had sent the gift. However, he didn’t tell Dolores about the details. He said, “We haven’t found the woman who brought the gift here yet. It should just be an ordinary gift for your wedding.”
Dolores nodded. After all, it was nothing dangerous, so she didn’t take it to heart.
“Okay. I’ll go back to the hall then.” Boyce left.
Theresa came in to help her change the dress.
She put on a red dress, which was also tailored. It was not as long as the wedding dress. The hemline only reached her ankles, so it was easy for her to walk around. She also didn’t need to wear high heels.
Then Theresa took off her veil and tidied her hair. Her hairstyle matched the red dress, making her beautiful in another different way.
“Where are the kids?” asked Dolores.
“They are next door now,” answered Theresa.
Dolores nodded, “Okay. Please follow me during the banquet.”
“Your husband should take you to meet a lot of people later. I don’t think it’s proper.”
Theresa knew the rules very well. It was Dolores’s wedding day. When she came over to help Dolores, she saw Matthew talking to a lot of people. Some of them urged to meet Dolores. Theresa didn’t think it was appropriate for her to follow Dolores all the way.
“No worries. You are my friend.” Dolores had her purpose to ask Theresa to follow her.
#####Chapter 655: Shook Hands and Reconciled
Theresa still wanted to refuse her, but Dolores held her hand.
Armand didn’t appear during the wedding ceremony at all. It must be because of the wounds on his face so he didn’t want to show up in Theresa’s presence. However, he couldn’t hide any longer during the banquet, could he?
He should eat at least.
Dolores still wanted Theresa to know how much Armand loved her.
She could tell that Armand was pretty upset.
Theresa pressed her lips in silence. Actually, she also found it weird. According to the relationship between Armand and Matthew, Armand shouldn’t avoid attending the wedding. However, she couldn’t find him in the hall at all.
Now, Dolores deliberately asked her to follow her. Theresa wondered what Dolores wanted to do.
Did it have anything to do with Armand?
However, Theresa didn’t want to mention this man, so she didn’t ask.
Dolores patted her on the hand, “Come on. Follow me.”
Theresa lowered her head and hummed.
Right then, a waitress came over to knock on the door and inform them that the banquet had started, asking Dolores to get ready and go there later.
Theresa said OK and closed the door.
When the banquet was half done, the door of the lounge was pushed open. Matthew walked in.
Dolores looked at him and asked, “Why did you come back?”
He said he wanted to introduce Dolores to the directors of the overseas branches.
Wrapping around Dolores’s waist, he helped her to stand up from the sofa and asked, “Are you tired?”
Dolores nodded.
Probably it was because the baby had grown up, she always felt weak.
“Let’s meet those directors. Then I’ll send you back for a nap,” said Matthew. They couldn’t avoid the socialization today, and he also wanted to introduce Dolores formally into his business circle.
Theresa followed them both to the banquet.
Matthew introduced Dolores to his friends and employees first. Besides Boyce and Armand, there were a lot of talents in his company, who were all his capable employees.
“You’ve been hiding it so well. Look how old your kids are!” someone complained about Matthew when he walked to one table with Dolores.
Besides them, other guests were quite surprised as well. They never expected that Matthew had two children and they were so old now. They said he had been hiding them too secretly.
Of course, guests kept making toasts with them. Matthew would drink on Dolores’s behalf. Since she was pregnant, others didn’t complain as a pregnant woman couldn’t drink, which was supposed to be common sense.
Matthew didn’t stay long here. After exchanging a few words, he went to another table where Kenneth was, who was his business partner as well as a friend. Kenneth’s brother-in-law, Camden Vinson, was also at the table.
Holding a glass of wine, Camden stood up and said with a smile, “No wonder you have hidden them. Mrs. Nelson is so pretty. If I were you, I would hide her as well.”
“Congratulations!” Kenneth also raised his glass. Matthew clinked with them.
“Let’s have dinner alone some other day.” Kenneth knew that Matthew needed to socialize with a lot of people today, so he didn’t hold up him for so long.
Matthew said, “Of course. I’ll arrange it.”
Some guests came over to send their blessings. They were all from the upper class, so the new couple had to talk to them.
“Mrs. Nelson, are you interested to join our community?” asked Mrs. Wilson. The community was held for the wives from the rich families to gather, such as playing Mahjong, gossiping, making friends, and enlarging the network. With good connections, their husbands’ businesses would become better.
Since their husbands tried their best to make money and maintain their happy life, the wives should try hard to help their husbands in businesses.
Dolores politely refused, “I’m sorry but I need to take care of my children. I might not have much time.”
Although Mrs. Wilson didn’t tell her what they were doing in the community, Dolores knew what their gatherings would be like.
Obviously, right now, Matthew didn’t need her to do anything for his business. If she joined the community, it might bring him trouble. Besides, she wasn’t interested at all.
Mrs. Wilson wanted to convince her a lot. After all, Dolores married Matthew. If they became good friends, she was sure that her husband would get more cooperation.
“You should have a nanny at home, don’t you? You don’t need to do anything. You are taken care of so well, I don’t think Mr. Nelson has the heart to ask you to do anything.”
Dolores was mentally strong, but she was slim after being pregnant. Her skin was fair. She looked pretty young. So her image was a fragile woman. That was why Mrs. Wilson remarked that Dolores was taken care of well.
Matthew wanted to help her refuse, but Dolores held his hand. She believed that she could deal with such a matter. Looking at Mrs. Wilson, she said, “I’m quite traditional. I believe my responsibility is staying at home accompanying my husband and educating my children so that my husband will be worry-free. In this case, he can fully concentrate on his career. Don’t you think so?”
Dolores obviously turned her down, but Mrs. Wilson still wanted to speak. Her husband stopped her. Mr. Wilson said, “My wife is a troublemaker. Please don’t mind it, Mr. Nelson.”
Matthew didn’t answer. He knew what the couple was thinking. Fortunately, Dolores was smart. She directly refused them.
Mrs. Wilson wasn’t convinced at all. She thought that Dolores’s excuse was so lame - they were in the modern era now. ‘Staying home, accompanying my husband and educating my children? So ridiculous!’ she thought to herself.
“I’m still young. Please forgive me if I’ve offended you,” said Dolores. She could tell that Mrs. Wilson looked quite annoyed because of her refusal, but she pretended that she hadn’t seen it.
“Of course. Of course,” Mr. Wilson answered Dolores on his wife’s behalf.
After exchanging a few words, Dolores took Matthew’s arm and walked away. She whispered to ask him, “Where is Armand?”
She wanted to let Theresa see Armand, but the latter didn’t sit together with Boyce and Abbott at the same table.
“I don’t know either. He must be hiding in a corner,” said Matthew. There were too many guests in the hall now. It was difficult to find Armand in the crowd.
“Call him. It’s our happiest day today. I’ll be so unhappy if he doesn’t show up.”
Matthew looked back and glanced at Theresa. He could tell what Dolores planned to do.
She was thinking about others at her own wedding. What a worried woman!
Matthew clung to Dolores’s ear and told her a plan with the volume that only she could hear.
After listening to him, Dolores agreed. Through meeting each other, they couldn’t untie the knots in their hearts. Only after Armand got to know Theresa’s health condition would the problem be resolved.
She looked back at Theresa, “Theresa, you must be hungry. Please go ahead to eat. You can wait for me in the lounge after the meal. I want to have a private conversation with you.”
Theresa nodded, “Okay.”
Then she walked to the table where Boyce was sitting at.
In the end, the new couple went to the table where the Harris family and Jayden were sitting at. Oscar and Jessica were also there. The table was full of elders, who were involved in the love and grudges in the past.
After everything was clear, the knots in their hearts had been untied. They also decided to forget about the grudges before. For the happiness of the later generations, they shook hands and reconciled with each other.
Seeing Dolores, Jeffery was too excited to speak. He had a lot of words to tell her, but after meeting her in person, he didn’t know how to start.
Finally, he seriously made an apology for what he had done, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s alright. Let the bygones be bygones. Let’s not mention them any longer. From now on, we’re family.” When she spoke, Dolores didn’t cry again although her throat dried out.
“Excuse me, Dolores.”
Noah walked to her with a girl. All people at the scene knew her.
#####Chapter 656: Decided to Help Armand
Dolores was too surprised to return to her senses for a while.
Noah introduced the girl to Dolores, “This is my girlfriend.”
Chloe felt a bit embarrassed. After all, they had experienced that embarrassment before. Now they met again, and she had become Noah’s girlfriend.
“Congratulations on your wedding!” She forced a smile stiffly. She felt quite awkward about the relationship.
She was quite similar to Noah - when her family declined, she left home and struggle. Without obeying her father Eddie’s plan, she determinedly joined the military with Noah.
They had grown up together and been quite close to each other. They were too close to think about falling in love in the past.
After getting along with each other in the military base, they had a crush on each other.
Noah said jokingly, “I made her my girlfriend to avoid her making trouble.”
Chloe poked him with her elbow, complaining that he was exposing her shortage.
Since it was the past, Dolores wasn’t petty. She didn’t want to be angry with the bygones. With a smile, she said, “I’m so glad you guys came.”
Chloe bit her bottom lip, “Thank you.”
She knew she was wrong in the past, feeling quite sorry for Dolores and Matthew. Dolores accepted that she became Norah’s girlfriend and didn’t kick her out of her wedding. Chloe could tell that Dolores was a generous woman.
Thinking of what she had done in the past, Chloe felt quite ashamed.
Jessica stood up and pulled a chair for Dolores, “Dolores, sit down and eat something.”
She knew that Dolores was too busy to grab something to eat today.
As she spoke, she looked over at Matthew, “You, too. Sit down and eat with Lola.”
Matthew wrapped Dolores’s waist and sat down. There were only their family members at this table, who had already been reconciled and been getting along well. Noah and Chloe sat down next to Jeffery.
Jeffery wanted to speak to Dolores, but he didn’t know how to start. He tried to start a subject several times but finally, he stopped. While he was hesitating, Oscar said, “Matthew, let’s have a toast.”
Matthew poured the liquor and they gulped down together. Oscar asked, “Are you drunk yet?”
He had been toasting with different guests on the way to the table. Oscar had seen him keep drinking.
Since he didn’t drink red wine together with the liquor, Matthew could handle it, “Do you want to have more shots?”
Matthew poured another glass of liquor for him.
Oscar said with a smile, “Of course. This is the wedding toast for Lola and you. How could one-shot be enough?”
After the second shot, Jeffery finally uttered a word, “Well... Lola.”
He always wanted to find a chance to talk to Dolores. She almost finished eating, so he must start the subject now. Otherwise, it would be too late.
Dolores didn’t feel anything odd when being with Noah. However, she didn’t know how to get along with Jeffery. She pressed her lips tightly.
Jeffery knew that she hadn’t been used to him yet, so he didn’t ask her to call him Uncle immediately.
“I have a gift for you.”
He pulled a gift box from Marina’s bag, handing it over to Dolores.
It was wrapped in a gift box, so Dolores didn’t know what was in there. After a hesitation, she took it over, “Thanks.”
“We’re family, aren’t we? You are welcome.” Jeffery smiled with reddened eyes. The older he got, the more he longed for family affection. He hoped his family could reunite one day.
Dolores put the box on her lap, wondering what she could talk about with him.
“I’m so happy to witness Matthew and you get married. You two must be happy. Matthew could forgive me for your sake. I can tell he cares about you a lot. You should treat him well.”
Dolores lowered her head and answered, “Yes, I know.”
She didn’t want to show her reddened eyes to others.
After the banquet was over, Jayden helped them to walk the guests out. Marina took a chance to say to Dolores, “Come to our house when you are free.”
She knew her husband well. Although Jeffery didn’t ask Dolores to visit him, he yearned for it a lot.
Dolores agreed and said OK.
When she could be calm when facing them, she would.
Jessica was sent back home by one of Boyce’s subordinates. Before leaving, she said to Dolores, “I can leave the hospital before you give birth. I can take care of you during the confinement.”
Dolores hugged her and asked her to take care of herself.
Jessica nodded.
After seeing off their close friends and family members, Matthew asked Dolores if she was exhausted. She nodded.
“I’ll take care of Armand’s matter next time then.”
Dolores had forgotten about Armand. In a hurry, she shook her head, “Let’s get it done today.”
She was afraid that Matthew would refuse, she added, “I’m all right. I’m tired because my belly is getting bigger and bigger. I’ll always worry if Theresa’s matter couldn’t be resolved. I’ve promised her not to tell Armand about it, but if Armand overheard it by himself, I wouldn’t break the promise.”
She felt sorry for Armand. Besides, she could tell that Theresa still loved Armand although she behaved cruelly.
Matthew made an excuse to ask Theresa to send Dolores back to the lounge.
According to their plan, after they went to the lounge, Dolores would talk to Theresa. Then, Matthew would take Armand to the door of the lounge, so that he could overhear the women’s conversation.
#####Chapter 657: Dolores Received a Gift before the Wedding
Theresa was a bit absent-minded. She felt a bit worried because Armand hadn’t shown up.
Dolores sat on the sofa, while Theresa kept silent, looking quite spiritless.
“You must be tired today.” Dolores poured a glass of water for her.
Theresa picked it up and took a sip. She answered, “Not really. I haven’t seen Armand. Has anything happened to him?”
She couldn’t hold back her worry but ask about his whereabouts.
Dolores looked at her. Obviously, Theresa still cared about Armand.
She poured a glass of water for herself and asked, “Why are you asking about him? Do you care about him?”
“No, I don’t,” Theresa denied immediately. She explained, “It’s your wedding today, but he hasn’t shown up at all. Is it normal?”
Dolores didn’t answer her immediately. She took a few sips of the water and said, “He’s been there all the time, but he didn’t show up in front of us.”
“Why not?” Theresa asked.
Dolores put down the water, looking at her in silence. Obviously, Theresa asked because she truly cared. It was her subconscious reaction, which couldn’t lie.
Soon, Theresa realized that she had reacted too obvious. She tried to explain but didn’t know how to achieve it. For a moment, she was in a panic.
Dolores glanced at the door and checked the time. She guessed that Matthew should have taken Armand to the lounge now.
She started to talk seriously, “Theresa, you do care about Armand.”
“No, I don’t,” Theresa said less confidently. Her voice was lower.
In the beginning, she tried to hold back her question because she was afraid that her thoughts would be exposed. However, Dolores still found it.
Dolores didn’t insist on asking her, giving her some time to relax.
In the room next door, Boyce asked Matthew to enter. He had found out the woman who sent the gift box, but he didn’t tell Dolores about her identity because it was a member form the Bailey family. To avoid worrying Dolores, he lied to her. After the wedding, he decided to tell Matthew.
Seeing Armand standing at the door of the lounge, Boyce asked, “Armand has been hiding in the wedding all the time. Why is he standing at the door of the lounge but not going in?”
Matthew sat on the sofa, looked up, and loosened his collar, “I did it intentionally.”
He lied to Armand that he wanted to talk to Armand, taking him to the lounge. At the door, they overheard the conversation between Dolores and Theresa.
Hearing that Theresa was in the lounge, Armand turned away and was about to go into another room. Matthew didn’t tell him about his plan but pulled him to stop.
Before Armand asked why in confusion, he overheard that Dolores remarked, “Theresa, you do care about Armand.”
For some reason, he wanted to know the answer extremely eagerly, wondering if Theresa still cared about him.
Even if she didn’t love him, it would be fine. As long as she still cared about him, it meant that he could still occupy her heart.
Probably in this way, he wouldn’t think that his love was way too worthless.
When Boyce came to them, Armand was concentrating on eavesdropping on Theresa’s answer.
“Why?” Boyce was confused. Why did Matthew intentionally let Armand stand at the door and eavesdropping the conversation inside?
As a smart man, Boyce realized that Theresa must be in there, “Dolores and you are truly considerate friends. Your wedding has just ended. I can tell how exhausted you guys are, but you still think about helping Armand.”
Matthew didn’t want to keep discussing this matter. He asked, “What do you want to tell me?”
Boyce instantly became serious, “Before the wedding, Dolores received a gift box.”
Matthew wasn’t drunk, but he had drunk a lot. Dolores had friends, so it was normal for her to receive a gift. He didn’t care much.
“It was from the sixth daughter of the Bailey family, Emma Bailey.” As he spoke, Boyce pulled his phone and showed the surveillance video to Matthew.
“This woman asked a waitress to pass the gift to Dolores. Although it was a hazard, I don’t think she did it out of kindness.”
Matthew squinted. He had been paying attention to the Bailey family. Although there were a lot of members in the family, they were not united. Moreover, more people tended to add insult to injury rather than offer others timely help.
Besides, Declan had been quite arrogant, so he had offended a lot of people. This time, his father and he would be fraught with grim possibilities.
Matthew also sent his men to keep an eye on Declan’s older sisters, who were all married. So far, none of them had taken any action. He also got some information about Emma. Since he had decided to do something to the Bailey family, Matthew had done a detailed investigation on their family and network structures.
However, he hadn’t expected that someone would make a move.
“What did she send?” asked Matthew.
“It wasn’t anything dangerous. I didn’t see it clearly. What do you plan to do?” asked Boyce.
“Have you told her that woman is from the Bailey family?” Matthew was afraid that Dolores would worry after knowing it. He didn’t want her to worry about those trifles.
“Nope. I told her I couldn’t find it out, and Dolores didn’t ask me for details,” said Boyce.
“Keep an eye on her.” Right now, Matthew couldn’t deal with this matter. They had just finished the wedding, so he wanted to accompany Dolores for a few more days. Two days later, Dolores would have the prenatal examination, and he needed to go with her.
#####Chapter 658: To Prove My Love
Boyce said, “All right. I’ll send my men to watch her.”
“Call me if there’s anything.” Matthew took a sip of water, taking a rest while leaning against the back of the sofa.
Boyce was sitting next to him sensibly. He didn’t speak to disturb Matthew.
In the room next door, Theresa had been thinking for a long moment before answering Dolores. She stood up, walked to the window, and peered out.
“I don’t care about him. It’s just... I hid the reason why I broke up with him, and I feel sorry for him.”
She didn’t tell him the truth but hid something that she didn’t want to face.
“I don’t want him to break down because of my matter.” She had done it for his good.
And also, it was for her own good.
Her health problem was like a cell phone, which couldn’t be made for calls. Its existence was strange and unacceptable by others.
“Do you know why Armand hadn’t shown up?” Dolores knew that she felt self-contemptuous. She couldn’t face the fact. However, being unable to give birth wasn’t a dead end. What if Armand wouldn’t care?
Why couldn’t Theresa give him and herself a chance?
They could face it together, couldn’t they?
“He had a fight with someone in a bar, and his faces were full of wounds and bruises. Hence, he didn’t show up at our wedding.”
Her words were reechoing in Theresa’s mind.
“Has he been hurt seriously?” Theresa turned around to look at her.
Dolores looked at her, “You’ve broken up with him, haven’t you? Why do you still care if he has been hurt seriously?”
She intentionally wanted to tear Theresa’s disguise off. Theresa cared about Armand truly, but she was too stubborn to admit it.
“I’ll call him over. You can ask him yourself.” Dolores stood up, walking to the door. Theresa hurriedly to pull her, “No, please don’t. I don’t want to see him.”
“Why don’t you want to see me?” Suddenly, the door was pushed open. Armand was standing at the door. He took off the sunglasses, exposing the bruises at the corner of his eyes. He gazed at Theresa, “What kind of excuse you’ve hidden from me?”
Dolores looked at Armand and grabbed Theresa’s shoulder, “You’d better tell him. If you truly want to break up with him, you should let him know the reason. He has the right to know it.”
After finishing her words, Dolores walked out of the door, leaving the private space to them.
Theresa bent down her head. She wanted to leave the lounge as well. When she reached the door, Armand grabbed her wrist and pulled her back into the lounge. He also closed the door.
“You must tell me what you’ve hidden from me. Otherwise, I won’t let you go.” Armand was quite aggressive.
Theresa held herself with both arms, lacking security.
She even dared not to look into Armand’s eyes, “I’ve hidden nothing from you.”
“For real?” Armand obviously didn’t buy it.
“Anything to do with Oscar?” Armand grabbed her shoulders, forcing her to look at him.
Theresa hurriedly shook her head, “No. It has nothing to do with him.”
She just asked Oscar to help her. She didn’t want Armand to misunderstand him again and bring trouble for him.
“If it has nothing to do with him, then with whom?”
“Please stop asking. We’ve broken up. Please don’t disturb me,” Theresa growled, trying hard to struggle free from his grip.
Armand clenched his fists, staring at her for a few seconds, “Okay. If you’re not willing to tell me, I’ll go ask Dolores. I believe she must know it.”
After that, he turned away and was about to go.
“Stop, Armand!” Theresa stopped him.
“Don’t make trouble out of nothing.”
It was Dolores’s happiest day. If he went to bother Dolores because of their matters, Theresa would feel quite sorry.
She didn’t want to trouble others.
“If I couldn’t get to know it, I wouldn’t give up today.”
Armand knew that Theresa didn’t want him to bother Dolores. Hence, he became more aggressive to force her.
Suddenly, Theresa chuckled, “Do you really want to know?”
Armand answered without any hesitation, “Yes.”
“All right.” Theresa sat on the sofa. She snorted coldly, “Dolores always suggested I tell you clearly. All right. I’ll make it clear to you today.”
Armand looked at her, starting to feel uneasy and nervous. A bad hunch surged in his mind.
He pretended to be calm to look at Theresa.
Theresa slowly looked up at him, “I... In the future, I would never be able to have a baby all my life. That’s what I’ve been hiding from you. Are you happy now?”
Armand thought that he had misheard something, “What... What do you mean?”
The next second, Theresa lost control. She laughed out while looking up at the ceiling, tears dropping, “What do I mean? I mean I could never be a mother in my life. I’m not a completed woman. Now you know it. Are you happy? Eh? Are you satisfied now?”
Armand looked as if he was struck by the lightning. He couldn’t believe it at all, “You’re lying to me. You’re lying to me intentionally. We had a baby before. How couldn’t you be a mother anymore?”
“Yes, I used to be pregnant,” Theresa suddenly interrupted him. She stood up, staggered to Armand, held his hand, and put it on her belly, “For survival, I chose to remove my uterus. Hence, I can’t give birth anymore. I don’t have this functional part in my body. Do you know it?”
Armand shook his head, moving backward step by step, “You’re lying to me. You are lying. How could it be possible...”
“Because I would have died if it wasn’t removed. Hence, for living on, I chose to remove it. That’s it.”
She wiped her face, “Now you’ve known about it. Do you still want to be my boyfriend?”
Armand was shocked. He only heard a buzz right now. He even didn’t know where to put his hands. Grabbing his hair at a loss, he didn’t want to believe any single word that Theresa had said.
It wasn’t only cruel to Theresa but also to him as well.
Suddenly, he raised his head and looked at her, “It’s fake. You made it up to lie to me, didn’t you?”
Theresa walked to the sofa and sat down. Supporting her chin, with her back towards Armand, she shed tears. She had thought that it was quite hard for her to face such a situation. However, when she finally spoke it out, she didn’t feel as upset as she had imagined. She gradually calmed down and said peacefully, “I’m not lying. It’s the truth. Now you’ve known it. Just go.”
How could Armand leave? He knelt to Theresa with one knee and grabbed her hand. Even she struggled, he didn’t let go of it. Gripping the hand, he asked hoarsely, “Is this the reason why you insisted on breaking up with me?”
“Of course not,” Theresa immediately denied. She said heartlessly, “Because I don’t love you.”
“I don’t believe it!” Armand raised her hand and kissed it, “I don’t care. I truly don’t care. So what if we won’t have any kids. It’s enough that I’ll have you. You should trust me. You shouldn’t have hidden it from me.”
Theresa sniffed. Tears blurred her vision, so she couldn’t see him clearly, “You’ve known my health condition now. Why don’t you just let me go?”
Armand shook his head, pressing his face into her face, “No matter what you are, I like you as deep as before. I’ve never changed my love to you.”
Theresa bit her bottom lip, trying her best to hold back her tears, “You don’t care about it. How about your grandmother?”
Armand stiffed. It was the most realistic problem.
“We can adopt kids and tell her that they are our biological children. Anyway, we will figure out ways.”
“How about you? Don’t you want your own child?”
Armand raised his head and looked into her eyes. To make her believe him, he didn’t dodge from her gaze at all. He said, stressing each syllable, “It’s enough for me if I have you.”
“But, I don’t believe it.” Theresa was still timid. She didn’t dare to face the fact that they would never have their own kids in the future.
“What should I do to prove it?” Armand looked around and saw a fruit knife on the table. He picked it up, “Do you need me to kill myself to prove my life to you?”
#####Chapter 659: Aren’t We Going Back to the Villa
“What are you doing?” Theresa snatched the knife from him. Armand raised his hands and dodged from her, “If there’s one way to prove my love to you, I can show it with my life. I used to hurt you...”
“Stop it! Calm down!” Theresa snapped to interrupt him, “Put the knife down!”
Armand looked at her and refused, “No. I want to prove it to you.”
“I don’t need it!” Theresa was in a panic, afraid that he would hurt himself, “Put the knife down. I believe you.”
“Really?” Armand faked as if he didn’t believe, but inwardly he was overjoyed. He could tell that Theresa worried about him. If not, how could she be afraid that he would hurt himself?
“Theresa,” Armand looked at her and said seriously, “I’m sorry.”
Theresa turned away and couldn’t help shedding tears. Armand put down the knife and held her. H whispered in her ear, “Please forgive me, Theresa. It was my bad.”
The more he spoke, the more fierce that Theresa wept. She didn’t know what happen. Probably she was crying for the harm she had experience or her misfortune.
When Armand saw her crying, his eyes couldn’t help but get reddened. Since this woman met him, she had suffered a lot and been in difficulties. Now, she had lost the right to be a mother.
God treated her so cruelly!
He tightened his hug on her, “Theresa, from now on, I won’t any mistakes again.”
He wanted to prove his love to her through his practical actions.
He wouldn’t hurt her anymore.
“Have you made up your mind?” Theresa was still uncertain, and nor could she have the confidence in Armand.
She believed that Armand still loved her, but if they would be together, they wouldn’t have their own children for the rest of life.
In ancient times, it meant that Armand would have no descendants.
“I won’t do the surrogacy either.” Probably it was too early for her to make such a statement, but she needed to tell Armand about her rock bottom.
If he couldn’t accept her, he should let go of her now.
“Neither will I. I won’t let any other woman give birth to my child except for you.” Armand kissed her on her cheek, “Please trust me.”
Theresa closed her eyes, “You are my destiny,” she muttered.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t get rid of him at all.
She had always thought that she was a strong woman. It wasn’t until now did she realize that she wasn’t that strong at all.
After Armand got to know the truth, his attitude finally erased the upset in her heart. She felt quite warm.
It turned out that it would be more relaxing for two persons to share the burden than bearing it by themselves. When she bluntly told him the truth, it wasn’t as terrible as she had imagined, and nor was it so difficult to face.
It wasn’t so difficult as she had imagined. On the contrary, after she told the truth, she felt relaxed and peaceful.
Armand sat on the sofa while holding her, “So, you want me to give up so you acted with Oscar?”
Theresa looked down in silence, which was the acquiescence.
Armand heaved a sigh, “I almost thought it was the truth. If I hadn’t heard your conversation with Dolores today, I might have missed you. From now on, no matter what happens, please don’t hide it from me, OK? Please try to trust me.”
Theresa was still silent. Her throat dried out. She was afraid that she would only utter a broken voice if she spoke.
Armand stroked her back, “If you don’t answer me, I’ll take it as an acquiescence.”
“Why did you fight with others?”
Theresa looked at the wounds on his face. She reached out and wanted to touch him but was afraid that it would hurt.
Armand pulled her hand and pressed it on his face, “Because you didn’t want me anymore, I didn’t want to live on. Then I purposely got into a fight with someone.”
Theresa was speechless.
In the room next door, Dolores supported her cheeks, half-lying on the sofa, “I wonder how it is going with them now.”
Matthew grabbed her hand and pulled her up from the sofa, “Let’s go. I’ll send you back to the hotel. You’ve done what you could do for them. Just leave the rest for them to resolve by themselves. Please don’t worry about them any longer.”
Dolores stood up with his help and asked, “Aren’t we going back to the villa?”
“Nope. There are too many people, too noisy. You won’t sleep well. Let’s stay out for a few days.” Dolores glanced at him and complained, “I’ll be quite bored when staying in the hotel alone.”
“I’ll be with you,” Matthew whispered in her ear.
Dolores immediately dodged, “Don’t you need to work? You have a huge burden now. You need to raise a big family.”
Matthew laughed, “I can afford you guys.”
They reserved a presidential suite on the top floor. Without Armand, Boyce wouldn’t shamelessly come to rough horseplay in their room at night. Matthew believed that he could be with Dolores after going back to the suite. However, when they reached the door, they found that Tiana was standing at the door. Seeing her, Matthew couldn’t help but think about Charles. The smile on his face faded away.
“Hi, Tiana.” Dolores liked this girl very much as she was simple and kind.
Tiana trotted over and passed her a gift box in her arms, “Hi, Dolores. This is a wedding gift for you.”
Dolores reached out to take it over. She wondered what was in the box as it was a big heavy. With a smile, she said, “Thank you.”
“You are welcome. Congratulations on your wedding! I must go now. Charles is waiting for me downstairs.” After that, Tiana trotted out.
Matthew took a glance at the gift box in Dolores’s arms, feeling quite upset. Charles was like a thorn stabbed into his heart.
Whenever Charles appeared, Matthew would recall that he had an evil intention. Even for the gift that was sent by Tiana, Matthew would wonder if that was arranged by Charles.
After they entered the suite, Dolores found that the table in the living room was covered by gifts.
Matthew loosened his necktie and said, “I asked them to put the gifts over there.”
There were too many gifts, so he asked the waiters and waitresses to put them here for the time being. When Dolores would be free, she could take a look - she could keep those she liked and leave others alone.
Dolores nodded, sitting on the sofa. She started to open the gift box in her arms. Matthew wanted to go take a shower earlier. Seeing that, he stood motionlessly, wondering what was in the gift box sent by Tiana.
He believed that he could find out if it was Tiana or Charles who had sent her the box upon the gift inside.
#####Chapter 660: A Husband’s Rights
Dolores opened the box, in which there was a round glass aquarium, in which there was an oxygenated plastic bag and two colorful fishes. They couldn’t be found in the market, quite rare.
It also happened last time in Charles’s house. Although they were different fishes, it still reminded her about what had happened in White City.
Matthew unbuttoned his shirt and went to the bathroom. He seemed to have made a mistake. Only Tiana, the weird girl, would send the fish to others as the wedding gift.
However, he didn’t know that they were from Charles instead of Tiana.
Charles was just like Armand. During the wedding, he was sitting in the corner, secretly blessing them.
Dolores turned to look at the man who had walked into the bathroom, slowly breathing a sigh of relief.
Matthew was quite petty. She was afraid that he would be unhappy. It seemed that he didn’t think this gift was from Charles. Otherwise, he would be jealous again.
Dolores opened the bag and put the fish into the glass aquarium.
When she tossed the bag and box into the garbage, a card dropped out from the box. She picked it up and opened it. There was Charles’s handwriting on it: “We can’t meet often but it doesn’t mean we are not close any longer. We are far apart but it doesn’t mean we don’t miss each other. Our sincere friendship can break through time and space. My best wishes to you. I wish you happy forever.”
Dolores looked down, her eyelashes trembling. She curled up her lips into a smile. Although there were not many words, he expressed his feelings by the front part and blessed her in the end. It meant that he was trying to let go of her.
She truly wished that he could fall in love with Tiana.
Closing the card, Dolores put it on the table. Since there were a pile of gifts, Matthew wouldn’t notice the card. She also saw the gift from Jeffery. She reached out and picked it up. Opening the box, she found a photo album in there.
After a hesitation, she opened it. The first photo was a group photo of her family. She saw some people that she didn’t know on it, who were her grandparents from her mother’s side. They were sitting on chairs, and behind them stood Jeffery and Jolene. They looked pretty young at that time.
She continued to browse and found Jolene’s photos, some of them were group photos with Jeffery. Those photos were not taken in the photo studio but were taken in daily life. Through the photos, Dolores could almost tell what was going on at that time.
Jolene and Jeffery were the only children in the Harris family. Their parents loved each other, so the children got along with each other very well, too. In the photos, Dolores could tell that Jeffery’s eyes were full of care and love when occasionally looked at his younger sister.
Jeffery couldn’t let go of Jolene’s death for a long time. It should be because he loved his younger sister too much so that he had done too many awful things.
Dolores heaved a sigh in depression. Closing the album, she half-lay on the sofa. Fortunately, things were going in a good way.
The water was still running in the bathroom. She felt quite exhausted. She hadn’t taken a nap for a whole day. As soon as she lay down, she didn’t want to get up at all. She wanted to nap shortly, but she fell asleep on the sofa pretty soon.
When Matthew walked out of the bathroom after a shower, he found that Dolores had fallen asleep on the sofa. He walked over and wanted to carry her to the bedroom. Then he saw the album in her hands. He picked it up and took a glance. He knew everyone in the photo album, who used to care and love him a lot in the past.
He had enjoyed everything that was supposed to belong to her. Without any emotional fluctuation, he indifferently closed the album. When he decided to forgive them, he had made up his mind not to be tangled with what had happened in the past. Right now, he just wanted a simple life.
His arms went through her waist and legs. He carried her in his arms.
Arriving at the bedroom, he gently put her on the bed. She was still wearing the dress, on the back of which was a zipper. He didn’t think it would feel cozy for her to sleep in this way. Matthew turned her a bit, unzipped, and helped her to take off the dress. Although he had been moving gently, Dolores still woke up. Feeling uncomfortable, she twisted. She opened her eyes and saw Matthew pulling her dress. Her mind went blank for a moment. Soon, she came back to her senses, pushing him away, “I’m so exhausted today.”
Matthew continued and said, “Yes, I know.”
Dolores bit her bottom lip and stammered, “Since you know it, why...”
Matthew paused his movement, slowly looking at her, “What are you thinking about?”
Judging from her expression, he knew that she had thought he was doing something else.
Matthew rubbed his forehead and laughed, “It’s our wedding night now. I should do something, but you are so exhausted. How would I have the heart to do something else?”
Dolores smiled, playing at being cute to him, “Well, please help me put on my nightgown.”
Matthew asked, “This one?”
There was a delicate box on the nightstand, which was a wedding gift from Theresa - a seductive nightgown with black laces.
Dolores took a glance and shook her head determinedly, “No way.”
“Then, do you plan to be naked?”
Dolores chocked up.
“I just don’t want to wear this nightgown but I didn’t mean to be naked when sleeping.” She glared at him.
Matthew pinched her cheek, “Don’t you want to wash face either?”
She hadn’t removed her makeup yet. It wouldn’t be cozy for her to sleep in this way.
Dolores lying on the bed lazily, “I don’t want to move at all.”
She was worn out today and didn’t want to do anything.
“I’ll help you. Or you won’t feel comfortable.” Matthew helped her take off the dress, tossed it onto the bench at the end of the bed, and pulled the quilt over to cover her, “I’ll get some hot water. You should sleep after a foot massage. It’ll make you less tired.”
Dolores hummed. The red quilt was with delicate patterns, smooth and soft. She tucked herself in, only exposing her head. She watched Matthew get hot water in the bathroom.
Soon, he came out and lifted the quilt. Dolores slightly huddled up. She only wore lingerie now but she still couldn’t be used to exposing her body.
“Don’t look at me. Don’t laugh.”
Matthew was speechless.
“Well, your requirements are too much. I can’t do it. We’re an official couple. You belong to me. I can look at you as long as I like. This is a husband’s rights.”
Dolores choked up.
While teasing her, Matthew carried her into the bathroom. The bathtub was full of warm water with pink rose petals on the water. Looking at Matthew, Dolores wondered since when her husband had become so romantic.
Matthew helped her take off the lingerie, “Why are you looking at me like this?”
“Did you put the petals on the water?” asked she.
Matthew pointed at all the bottles and jars in the cabinet on the wall, in which there were all kinds of shampoos, gels, and skin-care products. There was a glass jar with fresh petals.
“This hotel is quite considerate.” While she made the comment, she felt the coolness on her body. She couldn’t help but held her arms to cover her bosom, hiding the seductive scene.
“You can go out now. I can take off the rest by myself.” She dodged from his gaze.
Matthew said in an extremely low voice, “I can help you bathe.”
“No, thanks,” Dolores refused.
#####Chapter 661: Control the Time Next Time
Matthew was leaning against the wall, “You can do it yourself, but I won’t go out.”
Dolores glared at him, “You are trying to be a rascal now?”
Matthew chuckled, “Do I need to when being with you? No matter what I’m doing, it’s right and proper. For example, it’s legal for me to watch you bathe.”
“Shameless!” Dolores didn’t take off the last piece of her lingerie and soaked herself in the bathtub.
Matthew walked up to help her, “Slow down.”
There was water in the bathroom, so he was afraid that she would slip.
The water temperature was just right - not too hot or too cold. It was quite cozy to soak in the bathtub. Matthew had planned ahead, so her clothes were sent to the hotel.
After taking a bath, removing her makeup, and washing her hair, Dolores put on her red two-piece nightgown - a slip dress and a robe. She half-lay on the bed, and Matthew helped her dry the hair. Before it was done, she had fallen asleep.
Matthew heaved a sigh. When she was bathing, he felt something was in the air and she looked spirited at that time. After all, they should do something on their wedding night. However, much to his surprise, she had fallen asleep.
He believed that this must be a weird wedding night. If others knew it, they would remark that he was incapable in the bedroom.
Looking at Dolores’s peaceful sleeping face, he guessed probably just sleeping while holding her wasn’t bad at all.
Matthew had stopped all his work, so he didn’t need to get up early in the morning. He slept quite soundly as it was rare for him to take a rest.
When Dolores woke up the next morning, it was already past nine. The curtain blocked the sunlight, so it was dim in the room. She wasn’t woken up by the dazzling light at all. She wanted to move a bit, only to find that the man who was holding her was still sleeping tight. Usually, when she woke up before, he had already got up. Mostly, she always slept in. However, today, she woke up before he did, which was pretty rare.
His eyes were tightly closed. He inhaled and exhaled deeply, his broad chest heaving up and down regularly. In his arms, Dolores felt quite safe. She reached out to stroke his face and eyes. Matthew was pretty handsome. He looked extremely attractive when sleeping peacefully. She raised her chin and kissed his lips. When she was about to leave, the back of her head was pressed. Then she heard the deep and hoarse voice as he had just woken up, “You want to run away after secretly kissing me, huh?”
“What do you want then?” Dolores pouted. They were so close, so her lips fainted pecked on him when she was speaking.
Matthew turned to support himself above her. Brushing away the hair on her forehead, he asked, “Are you still exhausted?”
Dolores slept very well last night, so she shook her head, “No...”
Before she finished her words, her lips were sealed by his. He lifted her nightgown...
To avoid pressing her belly, he supported his body completely above her. Using the strength of his lower abdomen, he got in her and the two became one.
His attack made her feel a bit of pain at the beginning, but Dolores was used to it pretty soon. Then she felt quite cozy. Frowning slightly, she faintly opened her lips and slightly gasped.

Matthew restrained himself whenever he made love to Dolores since she had been pregnant, and so did he this time. However, comparing with what he was before, he almost lost control this time.
When it ended, Dolores was worn out. Lying on the bed, she didn’t want to move at all. She even couldn’t feel her legs.
She didn’t want to speak, either. All she could feel was wet and sticky. She didn’t want to clean herself at all, lying there motionlessly.
Matthew took a shower and put on clean clothes. He looked quite spirited.
Holding a wet towel, he cleaned Dolores’s body for her. She didn’t move at all, only squinting.
“Take a nap if you are tired. I’m not going anywhere today,” said Matthew while cleaning her up and tucking her into the quilt.
She didn’t respond to him. Obviously, she had heard what he said. She slightly moved, found a cozy posture, and closed her eyes to nap.
When she woke up again, it was already two hours later. Matthew called the room service to deliver some food.
He served the dishes to her on the bed. Dolores rubbed her eyes, “I haven’t brushed my teeth or washed my face yet.”
“You can do that after eating.” Dolores glared at him, “Would I sleep in so late if it weren’t because of you?”
“Yeah, it’s all my fault. I’ll control the time next time. You should be starved now. Come on. Have something.” Matthew sat on the edge of the bed while holding the tray.
Dolores didn’t eat anything for breakfast, so she was indeed hungry now. Matthew passed the milk to her. She took a few sips and put the glass down. Then she picked up the spoon and started eating the shrimp porridge, fried eyes, and fruits.
“Let’s go see a movie later, shall we?” Matthew watched her eat, reaching out and pulled a piece of tissue for her.
Dolores nodded in agreement.
Others knew that today was the first day after they had just got married, so neither of their phones rang.
After the meal, Dolores tidied herself up. The clothes that Matthew prepared for her were all new. 
Dolores put on the new clothes and walked out with Matthew who wrapped her hand around her waist.
Matthew suggested seeing a movie, but his main purpose wasn’t to see the movie. He wanted to enjoy the dimmed room in the cinema. Not so many people were watching movies during the daytime, so there were only a few audiences with a lot of empty seats. Matthew and Dolores were sitting in the corner of the last row. Matthew held her in his arms.
She nestled in his embrace.
During the movie, Matthew probably didn’t know what he was watching. He only kept kissing Dolores.
Occasionally, when the volume of the movie got higher, he would deliberately make sounds when kissing her, which were covered by the sound from the movie. He had his kicks in doing it and kept kissing Dolores. Her lips turned red.
When the movie ended and they walked out of the room, Dolores lowered her head all the time, afraid to be seen by others.
When they went back to the hotel, their room had been cleaned. They didn’t go out again. They also called the room service for dinner. For a whole day, they clung to each other.
In the evening, Dolores was dragged into the bathroom to have a bath with Matthew together. Of course, besides simply taking a bath, they also did things that should happen between a couple.
On the second day, Matthew went with her for the prenatal examination.
Last time in City C, Matthew secretly followed her while disguising as a doctor. This time, he didn’t need to do that again because all had known that they were a couple. He could go with her aboveboard.
Since they had an appointment, as soon as they arrived, Dolores could go straight to the examination instead of waiting in line.
The baby was over six months old.
After the examination, Matthew went to get the result. Dolores was waiting for him while sitting on the bench in the corridor.
Right then, a woman came over and sat next to her.
#####Chapter 662: Unnecessary to Come to This World
“Are you here for the prenatal examination?” The woman took a glance at Dolores’s belly.
Dolores nodded politely.
“You are so lucky. You had such a grand wedding. I truly envy you,” said Emma with a smile.
Dolores looked at her and asked, “Have we met before?”
“Probably you don’t know me, but I know you,” said Emma, still smiling.
Dolores slightly creased her brows, recalling the woman in her mind, but she was sure that she had never seen her before.
“How did you get to know me then? May I know who you are?” In face of a stranger, Dolores was quite alert. She picked up her handbag, pulling out the cell phone.
Once anything happened, she could call for help right away.
Watching her, Emma thought to herself, ‘This woman is quite highly alert.’
“Have you received the wedding gift from me? Did you wear it and show it to your husband?”
Dolores’s expression changed dramatically. It turned out the lingerie was from this woman. She wondered who this woman was and what she wanted. How could Boyce fail to find anything about her?
“Who the heck are you?” Dolores clenched her fists tightly, feeling extremely uneasy.
Her intuition told her that this woman came to her intentionally and she had an evil purpose.
“You don’t need to know who I am. I’m just an unlucky woman. You came here for the prenatal examination, but I...”
Emma pointed in the direction where the surgery room was, “I came here for the abortion.”
After that, she stood up, “I meant it. I truly envy you. Your husband loves you and cares about your children, but I can’t give birth to my baby.”
“What on earth do you want to tell me? Why are you telling me those things?” Dolores asked in a cold tone.
“I don’t mean anything. I just want to tell someone about my depression. After all, a mistress’s child is unnecessary to come to this world. Besides, my baby’s father has a wife and children. How could my baby exist? Probably, that man came to me on his impulse... I believe he still loves his wife. Otherwise, how could he treat her so well?” she deliberately misled Dolores.
After finishing her words, she turned away.
Dolores frowned more deeply, wondering what the woman meant.
She implied something between her lines.
Dolores pulled out the phone and dialed Boyce’s number.
Right then, Boyce was answering a call. The men he sent to follow Emma had lost the target, so they were reporting it to Boyce now.
“What happened? How could you lose her?” Boyce snapped.
“She should have seen me. She went to the ladies but didn’t come out for a long time. When I went into the bathroom to search for her, she’s already gone. I couldn’t follow her all the way into the ladies. Hence... it’s my fault.”
“I got it. Try to find her and continue following her.” Boyce was worried. Emma obviously had an evil intention. She purposely sent a gift to Dolores at her wedding and could sensitively find that someone was following her and get rid of them. Obviously, she was quite scheming.
Right then, Boyce heard an alert tone on his phone, indicating that there was an incoming call. He said, “Find her as soon as possible.”
After that, he hung up the phone and swiped to answer the incoming call, “Hello?”
“It’s me.” Dolores grabbed her cell phone and looked around in the corridor, “I know who has sent me the box at the wedding.”
Boyce paused and asked, “How... how did you know it?”
“I’ve met her. It’s a woman. She said a lot of weird words to me. Could you please help me check her up?”
“I can help you. Please tell me where you’ve met her. Does Matthew know it?” asked Boyce.
Now he could be sure completely that Emma deliberately approached Dolores. She should aim for doing something evil.
“He doesn’t know it. I haven’t told him yet. Don’t forget to inform me after you got the information.”
Boyce said OK.
Right then, Matthew walked over with the result, “Who are you talking to on the phone?”
Dolores hung it up and said it was Boyce.
“What happened?” Matthew could tell that she looked a bit pale. Reaching out, he helped her stand up.
“I haven’t told you. On the wedding day, I received a gift, but I didn’t know how has sent it to me. I asked Boyce to help me look into the matter.” She raised her head, “Have you got the result yet?”
Matthew hummed gently. Then they went to the consultation room to show the result to the doctor.
The doctor told them everything was all right after reading through the results. The baby was well developed. He reminded them to keep Dolores happy and come for examination on time.
Matthew said OK.
Dolores was a bit absent-minded. She couldn’t help wondering what that woman meant.
When she sat in the car, she even forgot to fasten the seat belt. Matthew leaned over and helped her buckle the belt and asked, “What’s bothering you? You’ve been absent-minded all the time.”
Dolores looked at his face that was so close to her, calling him gently, “Matthew.”
“Yes?” He looked up at her.
“Would you fail to restrain yourself when facing the seduction?” He was in his thirties, which was the age when men were the most attractive. He was mature, steady, handsome, and rich. A lot of women would take initiative to seduce him.
Some of them could be outstanding.
She wondered if Matthew would be attracted.
Matthew started the engine. He looked extremely serious without a smile on his face. Obviously, her question came so sudden. They had got along well all the time, but suddenly she asked such a question with implications, “Do you not trust me or yourself?” he asked.
Right then, the cell phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and saw an unread message from Boyce. He tabbed it to read: “My men lost Emma Bailey when following her. She went to meet Dolores. Probably she said something to Dolores, and Dolores called me to investigate on her.”
Matthew quickly entered his question: “What did Emma Bailey say to her?”
Then he pressed the send button.
“I don’t know. Dolores told me she has said some weird words, but she didn’t tell me the details. Last time she sent Dolores the lingerie. This time, I guess she had spoken something more excessive. Otherwise, Dolores wouldn’t have called me for the investigation.”
Matthew replied: “I got it.”
He tossed the phone aside, started the engine, and drove.
Dolores looked at him, “Whose message?”
Matthew said, “The phone is over there. Check it up yourself.”
Dolores didn’t pick it up to read. Pressing her lips, she kept silent. Matthew didn’t speak to her either when driving. Soon the car was parked in the hotel. They got off and went back to the room.
After entering the room, Matthew tossed the car key and his cell phone on the table. Loosening his collar, he pulled Dolores to sit on the sofa.
“On the wedding day, the woman who has sent you the gift is named Emma Bailey. She’s the sixth older sister of Declan Bailey. Now, Declan Bailey and Roger Bailey are under investigation, so probably the Bailey family has known that it was pushed by me. That’s why she wanted to approach you. Her purpose was obvious. Either she wanted to cast a bone between us or try to set you up. After all, you are my wife. What has she said to you? Are you suspecting me now?”
Dolores widened her eyes, “Is she from the Bailey family?”
Matthew hummed gently, “Yes. Tell me. What has she said to you?”
Dolores felt quite ashamed for being oversensitive. Lowering her head, she said, “She implied to me that you might have an affair with her.”
“So you believed her, didn’t you?” Matthew raised his brows.
“Nope.” She looked up, “I didn’t. I was afraid of losing you.”
She took the initiative to hug him, pressing her face on his chest. Her fingers fiddled with the buttons on his shirt. She said in a grievance, “You are such an outstanding man. There are so many women outside. I’m a mother of three kids already. I’m afraid that you would dump me one day. My children would have no father then. How pitiful!”
Matthew burst into laughter in anger. Pinching her chin, he raised her head.
#####Chapter 663: Let Me Think It Over
Dolores patted him on his hand, “It hurts!”
Matthew laughed in fury, “Are you playing a sympathy-getting ploy?”
Dolores realized that she was wrong. She should not have suspected him, even just a little. Right now, they were a couple. The most important between a couple was trust.
Earlier, she didn’t fall into the trap after seeing those photos. But this time, it was different. Emma was quite smart. She didn’t expose things completely but hinted at her to overthink.
Dolores realized that she had been careless, almost falling into the trap.
It was her fault, so she admitted it.
She took the initiative and sat on Matthew’s lap. Wrapping around his neck with her arms, she played at being cute to him, “Does my sympathy-getting ploy work for you?”
Matthew looked down. Even if he got upset because of being suspected, looking at her pitiful face, he didn’t have the heart to blame her, “Your sympathy-getting ploy might not work for me. I’m quite cold-hearted and I don’t know how to treasure beauty. You can play the honey-trap for me.”
Dolores smiled, “Do you think I’m beautiful?”
Matthew carried her in his arms and walked to the room, “If not, why would I want to make love to you every day?”
Dolores struggles and pushed him, “It’s still daytime. Why are you carrying me into the bedroom?”
“To prove how charming you are.” Matthew kicked the door close.
Dolores was unwilling, “No way. I don’t want it!”
Matthew’s voice rang out behind the door, “What don’t you want?”
“What do you want?” asked Dolores.
“I’ve fallen into your honey-trap, so I’m lured by your beauty. What else can I do?”
“I’m so tired,” Dolores refused, making an excuse, “Doing it too much is bad for the baby.”
In the name of “just getting married”, Matthew kept making love to her. Although the baby had been bigger and stable, Dolores didn’t believe it would be so strong to bear it.
“Okay. I’ll only hold you without doing anything then.” Matthew held her in his arms. Her worry for the baby worked more than anything else. He behaved himself immediately.
Matthew kissed her lips, “After giving birth to this baby, we shall have no more.”
Dolores asked, “Is it because you want to satisfy your desire or you care about me?”
“I feel sorry for you.” Matthew held her tightly. When he went to get the examination result, he passed by the delivery room and heard the women who were giving birth howling and crying. It must hurt a lot. Otherwise, how could an adult let out such a loud voice?
“Did you cry when giving birth to Amy and Andy?”
Dolores nestled in his arms and whispered, “Yes, I shed tears, but I didn’t let out any screen. Next to me, a woman kept cursing her husband. It was quite hilarious.”
“If it hurts too much when you give birth, you should curse me as well,” said Matthew dotingly.
Dolores laughed, “It’ll be so disgracing. I won’t do it.”
She changed the subject, “Shall we go home tomorrow?”
The elders were staying at home now. Matthew and she couldn’t stay out all the time.
Matthew hummed, “Yeah. Recently, it’s quite dangerous outside. Before the matter of Roger Bailey and Declan Bailey is done, you’d better stay home if I’m not with you. I’m afraid that they would do something desperate.”
Although he also kept an eye on the Bailey family, just in case, he couldn’t feel easy until everything had been settled.
Dolores agreed. She understood what Matthew meant. The woman named Emma was obviously doing something desperate. She even came over and cast a bone between Matthew and her.
Dolores once again complained about herself for being so silly as she almost fell into the trap.
The next day, Matthew went to work. Dolores went back to the villa. Arriving home, she immediately went to find Theresa.
She asked Theresa how it went between Armand and her.
Theresa looked down, “We’ve decided to start it over again. I should have listened to you back then and told him the truth. It turns out that it’s not so difficult to face it after telling him the truth.”
Dolores patted her on the shoulder, “That’s good for you.”
“Uncle and I plan to go back to City C tomorrow,” said Theresa.
“What about Armand?” asked Dolores. She wondered why they separated right after being reconciled.
“I’ve told him about it. He knows I’m going back to City C.” Although they decided to restart, last time they fell in love too fast, so this time they also decided to take time to get along with each other. After they’ve made up their mind, Armand would take her to meet his grandmother.
“Did he agree with you?” asked Dolores.
“Yes, he did.” Theresa pressed her lips. Now, Armand was quite obedient to her. He agreed with her on everything she said.
“I’m so happy for you guys. If you had told him earlier, you didn’t need to be so suffered.”
Theresa lowered her head in silence. It was because she didn’t want to face the fact, all people were worried about her.
In the evening, Armand came to the villa. He bought a lot of toys for the kids. On one hand, he wanted to announce to everyone that Theresa and he had decided to start it over again. On the other hand, he wanted to thank others for taking care of him in the past.
“Didn’t you inform Boyce?” Dolores asked while looking at Armand. All but Boyce were gathering in the villa.
Armand answered, “I called him, but he wasn’t available. It seemed that Officer Miller invited him for dinner in his house. Officer Miller has been taking good care of him and likes him a lot.”
Indeed, Office Miller liked Boyce a lot. Otherwise, he wouldn’t think of letting his daughter marry Boyce.
He invited Boyce to his house in the name of talking business, but in fact, he purposely wanted his daughter to get along with Boyce.
This time, Officer Miller also directly told Boyce about his idea.
During dinner, he suddenly asked, “Boyce, I always like you. I guess you know it, don’t you?”
Boyce said, “Yes, Officer Miller. You’ve been taking care of me.”
Officer Miller gulped down the liquor. He felt too embarrassed to mention it if he didn’t drink first. If it weren’t that his wife and daughter kept bothering him about it, he wouldn’t ask Boyce to date his daughter directly, but after all, it was about his own daughter, “I wonder if you could tell, in fact, Wendy has a crush on you.”
Boyce was taken aback for a moment. After a long while, he finally realized what Office Miller meant.
“I... I...”
“Don’t be nervous.” Office Miller thought for a moment and continued, “I don’t think you are an outsider. Let me get straight to the point. I don’t like beating around the bush. You know Wendy’s status well. She has divorced. I know she doesn’t deserve you...”
“Not at all. I’m not a good man either. Divorcing isn’t a shortage,” Boyce immediately said, “It was because that man failed to restrain himself when facing the seduction. It was not Wendy’s fault.”
Officer Miller heaved a sigh, “I’m so glad that you said so.”
Boyce didn’t answer. He almost knew what Officer Miller wanted to tell him now. For a moment, his mind was messy. He didn’t know what to do.
“Boyce, you are not young either. Would you... like to think about it?” Officer Miller blushed. As Boyce’s boss, he asked Boyce to date his daughter who divorced. He felt quite shameful.
“If you are not willing, you can ignore my words,” Officer Miller added.
It happened quite suddenly. It was so sudden that Boyce didn’t know how to refuse.
Officer Miller had been taking good care of him always. Wendy was not bad. However, since that time it didn’t work, he had never thought about getting married again.
“Come one. Let’s drink. Just take it as if I didn’t mention anything.” Officer Miller poured a glass of liquor for Boyce.
Boyce was silent.
Officer Miller picked up the glass and clinked his, “Let’s bottom it up.”
Boyce picked up the glass. After thinking for a moment, he said, “It happened too suddenly. I don’t know how to answer yet for a moment.”
“Don’t be nervous. After all, Wendy doesn’t deserve you.” Office Miller didn’t say those words purposely to Boyce, because he believed that the divorced woman had lower social status than others. He had some ancient thoughts. Even Wendy was his daughter, he also thought so.
Boyce was single, never married. He had integrity. Office Miller liked him a lot.
If Wendy weren’t his daughter, he wouldn’t let Boyce date any divorced woman.
Boyce was in a dilemma. He said, “Please stop saying that. It’s too sudden. Please allow me to think it over.”
#####Chapter 664: Can You Please Accept Me
“Okay. Sure. Please think it over.” Officer Miller heaved a sigh, “I feel so disgraced in front of you.”
Then he changed the subject, “I’m willing to do it for my child. The parents always do things for their children all their lives. All because of the parents’ love!”
Boyce filled Officer Miller’s glass with the liquor, “Yes, I understand.”
He knew Officer Miller very well. Even if he didn’t agree in the end, Officer Miller wouldn’t hate him. Officer Miller treasured his dignity a lot. Right now, he asked Boyce to date his daughter, and Boyce could tell how hard it was for him.
“Please don’t be stressed.” Officer Miller Picked up the glass and clinked with Boyce’s.
Boyce said he wouldn’t.
After dinner, Wendy suggested driving him home, “You drank some liquor. I’ll send you home.”
Boyce looked at her and nodded in agreement.
Officer Miller watched them go out, heaving another sigh. Mrs. Miller didn’t like it when her husband kept sighing. She said, “Why are you sighing? Boyce should agree. Wendy is pretty and well-educated. She deserves him!”
Officer Miller cast her a cold glance, “She’s married once. Just upon this, she doesn’t deserve Boyce.”
Mrs. Miller was rendered speechless for a long while. Then she retorted, “So what Wendy divorced? Didn’t he have a girlfriend before?”
Officer Miller put his hands behind and walked to the bedroom, “I’m not in the mood to argue with you.”
Mrs. Miller didn’t get angry though. She forced her husband to directly tell Boyce about his purpose, which had been bothering her husband a lot.
Her husband treasured his dignity all his life. Today, he had lost it to his subordinate, so he felt quite upset.
Mrs. Miller started to clean up the table.
Outside, Boyce got in Wendy’s car.
“Fasten your seat belt,” Wendy reminded him.
Boyce was quite upset, so he hadn’t heard Wendy’s words. Squinting, he rubbed his temples with strength. His mind was still in a mess.
Wendy thought that he had been drunk, so she leaned over so that she could pull the seat belt out and buckle it for him. When she leaned over, Boyce suddenly realized what Wendy was saying, so he hurriedly said, “I’ll do it myself.”
Wendy moved away with a smile, “Are you drunk or thinking about my dad’s words?”
Boyce said that he was drunk.
Smiling, Wendy said, “Okay. I won’t let him drink with you in the future.”
Boyce smiled but didn’t answer.
Wendy didn’t speak any longer. Silence blanketed the car.
A moment later, the car was pulled over in front of Boyce’s apartment building. He pushed the door open and got off. When he was about to say bye to Wendy, Wendy also pushed the door open and got off.
“I want to go upstairs and visit your apartment. Would you refuse me?” asked Wendy with a smile.
Wendy was indeed good-looking. Her family background was good as well.
However, Boyce didn’t have any feelings for her. At the most, he considered her as a friend.
“Do you want to say no?” Wendy could hardly maintain the smile on her face. No one had refused her before.
Although she was a divorced woman now, she was still charming. A lot of men were after her. For her father, a lot of men wanted to marry her.
However, she didn’t like them. She only had a crush on Boyce.
“Not at all. This way, please.” Boyce walked in front to lead the way. She followed him and entered his apartment.
Usually, a single man’s residence would be quite messy, because no one helped him clean it up. However, Boyce’s apartment was pretty clean. He would clean his house when he was free. He didn’t like a messy apartment at all.
“Do you hire an hourly servant to clean the apartment?” Wendy asked while sitting on the sofa.
Boyce poured a glass of water for her, “Nope.”
“Who helped to clean your apartment then?” Wendy smiled, “Yourself?”
Boyce said, “I’m alone, so I don’t have many belongings. It doesn’t need to be cleaned up. Have some water, please.”
Wendy took over the water glass, stood up, and walked to the window. The gaps among the buildings and the green areas were quite large in this community. Boyce’s apartment was on a high-rise with a beautiful night view, “I like this apartment.”
Boyce said, “My friend helped me to choose.”
Armand helped him to choose the apartment. It was indeed a good location.
Wendy turned around and looked at him, “Boyce, could you please accept me? I like you.”
#####Chapter 665: Love Could be Developed
“Wendy...” Boyce wanted to take the chance and make it clear to her.
Wendy wrapped her arms around his waist, “Boyce, I truly like you. Please don’t refuse me. OK?”
Boyce pulled her arms away, “Please stop doing it.”
Wendy wasn’t willing to. Instead, she hugged him more tightly, “Don’t push me away. Please.”
As she spoke, her face clung to Boyce’s chest tightly, “Do you know how much courage I’ve plucked up to ask my father to talk to you about me? If you refused me, I would be too embarrassed. Do you dislike me because I’m divorced?”
“Not really,” Boyce explained. It was just because he didn’t have any feelings for her. While Wendy was hugging him like this, he only felt awkward because she was a woman. He had no fluctuation in his heart at all.
If he liked a girl, he wouldn’t care if she was divorced or not.
He didn’t care much about that kind of thing. The girl didn’t have to be a virgin.
“It’s getting late. You should go home now.” Boyce couldn’t put down his hands at all. He dared not to touch her.
“No way. If you don’t say yes, I won’t let go of you.” Wendy couldn’t care much right now. She didn’t want to pretend to be reserved. All she wanted was to grasp this man. No matter what ways she needed to use, she must get this man.
She had missed him once, so this time, she must grasp him tightly.
“Wendy, don’t you care if I like you or not?” asked Boyce directly.
He didn’t know what to talk to Wendy, so he could only tell her about his current thoughts.
Wendy stiffed a bit. It was a heavy blow to her. Raising her head, she said, “I believe the love could be developed.”
Boyce doubted about her words inwardly.
If so, he couldn’t keep refusing her.
He said, “Okay. I agree.”
Wendy couldn’t believe that Boyce had said yes so soon, “For real?”
Boyce nodded and said, “I never lie.”
Looking at his solemn face, Wendy thought that he was quite cute. She wondered why she never found it before.
If she had known a man like Boyce was worth loving, probably Boyce and she would have children already.
“I’ll go home and tell my parents.” Wendy was overjoyed. Releasing him, she said, “Okay. I’m taking off now.”
Boyce nodded, “Be careful when driving home. Good night.”
Wendy paused, raised her head, and looked at him, “Don’t you ask me to stay?”
Boyce was speechless.
He was confused why he would need to ask her to stay.
It was quite late at night and they had dinner already.
Wendy said with a smile, “Don’t you ask me to stay overnight?”
Boyce choked up.
“I’m just kidding. You look so silly.” Wendy put away her smile, “I’m leaving now. Good night.”
After that, she walked out of his apartment.
Boyce stood motionlessly for a while before coming back to his senses. He walked her to the door.
“Go to bed early. See you,” Wendy said to him at the door.
Boyce nodded and closed the door.
When he was closing the door, he still felt as if he were dreaming. After a long time, he heaved a sigh.
He told himself to make do with her - probably other women wouldn’t be so suitable as she was. Besides, Officer Miller had asked him personally.
If he turned Officer Miller down, he would feel sorry for Officer Miler. After all, Officer Miller had been taking care of him. Boyce felt a bit embarrassed to refuse him.
Anyway, he couldn’t stay single forever.
While trying to convince himself, Boyce sat on the sofa. He gulped down a glass of water and muttered to himself, “In fact, Wendy Miller is not bad. We’ve known each other for a long time. It shouldn’t be bad for us to live together.”
Suddenly, he smiled. Patting himself on the head, he realized that he was still comforting himself.
When it was the dawn of the next day, Boyce was woken up by Armand’s call. As soon as the call was connected, Armand yelled, “Boyce, could you do me a favor please?”
“What can I do for you?” Boyce just woke up, still dizzy.
“I was reconciled with Theresa.” Boyce could feel how delighted Armand was even on the phoned. He snorted and said, “All right. Congratulations!”
“Why does your boss keep inviting you to his house? He likes you and wants you to be his son-in-law, doesn’t he?” Armand was driving to his apartment. Although he still had some bruises at the corner of his eyes, he still had a bright smile on his face.
If Boyce could see him face-to-face now, he probably would ask Armand if his face still hurt.
“Are you calling me to inform me of your good news?”
“Nah. Theresa is going back to City C today. I’ll go to see her off. Can you go with me?”
“She’s your girlfriend. Why should I be with you?” Boyce was confused.
“Here is the thing. Last night, when I announce the good news, you were not there. You must be in your presence today. You are my best friend. You must witness it.”
Boyce wondered why he needed to witness it personally after hearing the news on the phone.
He wondered if Armand was in his right state of mind.
To avoid disappointing this poor man who finally gained his girlfriend’s heart back, Boyce said, “You must come to pick me up. I don’t have a car now.”
“I’m already downstairs of your apartment. Hurry up and come down.”
“So soon?”
“Cut the crap. Hurry up!” urged Armand.
Boyce said, “Ten minutes, please.”
After that, he hung up the phone, got up, and tidied himself up.
He went downstairs after ten minutes. As soon as he walked out of the community, he saw Armand’s car that was pulled over on the roadside. The car window was open. When Boyce got closer, he could hear Armand humming a song.
Boyce pulled the door open and sat in, “You’ve just reconciled but she’s leaving today. Aren’t you afraid that she would fall in love with another man?”
“No, she wouldn’t. If so, she would have fallen in love with another man a long time ago,” said Armand extremely confidently.
Boyce cast him a glance, “Look at you!”
“Heh... I’m just so happy!” Armand couldn’t hide his good moo in Boyce’s presence.
Boyce laughed, “Come on. Be a man!”
Armand put away his smile and said solemnly to Boyce, “Theresa has some health problem. In the future, we’re not going to have our own children. Don’t mention children to her. I’m afraid that she would be quite sensitive to the subject.”
He had known that Theresa was unwilling to face the fact because she didn’t want to tell him about it. Hence, he guessed Theresa must be quite sensitive, afraid that she would be upset when hearing about children.
“How come?” Boyce frowned.
Armand quieted down. After a long while, he answered hoarsely, “It was caused by her miscarriage last time.”
Boyce patted him on the shoulder, comforting him silently.
“Don’t show your care for her particularly either or your compassion. As long as you don’t mention children, it’ll be fine,” said Armand.
Boyce understood.
When they arrived, they saw Dolores and Matthew talking to Oscar. Theresa was playing with Amanda.
In the morning, Dolores and Matthew got up to see Theresa and Oscar off. Amanda insisted on coming over, so they took her to the airport as well.
“Morning, Uncle Armand, Uncle Boyce,” Amanda noticed them first and greeted them.
Theresa raised her head and saw them. Looking at Boyce, she said with a smile, “Why are you here as well?”
Boyce smiled, “Armand insisted on asking me to see you off. He said I was the only one absent last night, so I must make it up. By the way, congratulations!”
Theresa lowered her head, “Thank you. It’s not a big deal.”
“We’ve reconciled. Isn’t it worth celebrating?” Armand sat next to her, putting his arm on her shoulder, “You’ve promised me. You can’t go back on your word.”
Boyce was quite sensible. Lifting Amanda, he said, “Amanda, let’s go. Leave them in peace.”
#####Chapter 666: You Smile Like an Idiot
“Uncle Armand, are you going to playing the kissing game with Aunt Rene?” Amanda widened her eyes, blinking.
“Of course I want...”
Theresa glared at him, so Armand immediately became a coward and couldn’t utter any word.
“She’s a child, quite naive. Are you also a child? Where are we now?”
Armand immediately admitted his mistake, “It’s my bad. I’ll pay attention to the occasion next time.”
Boyce couldn’t hold back his laughter when looking at Armand’s coward look. He held Amanda to leave them alone.
“Have you seen the news?” asked Oscar.
Matthew hummed. In fact, he didn’t watch the news. Abbott had been keeping an eye on it. Once there was news, he called Matthew.
Dolores asked in confusion, “What news?”
Roger’s case had come to an end. The official micro-blog account had announced the result last night.
After an event in the past was brought up, it wasn’t only relevant to a lot of people, but also brought up more cases as long as Roger had done something evil. For corruption and bribery that reached two hundred million, he was sentenced to death.
All the netizens cheered.
Oscar patted Matthew on his shoulder, “Take good care of Lola. Come to City C when you are free.”
Matthew held Dolores’s shoulder and said, “We will.”
“Flight A950 to City C is ready to board. Passengers, please take your pass to the boarding gate.”
“I must go now. Take care.” Oscar waved at them.
Armand and Theresa also walked over. Theresa hugged Dolores and said, “I’ll go back first and take care of the store. Please don’t worry about it. Take care of yourself and the baby, my godson.”
Dolores hummed.
They walked them to the boarding gate.
Watching their receding figures, Dolores suddenly had a strong disappointment surging in her heart, “Uncle, Theresa, I’ll go to visit you.”
“Sure. You are welcome at any time.” Theresa waved her hand with strength. Oscar’s eyes turned reddened for some reason, “Oh, disgusting!”
After he finished his remark, he turned away.
He disliked it when this became too emotional. All good things came to an end. Besides, they would meet in the future.
“Bye, Grandpa Oscar, Aunt Renee!” Amanda raised her arms high, waving hard, “I’ll miss you both. I’ll go to visit you with Andrew.”
There were too many passengers at the gate, so they needed to go in right away.
Standing there, Armand pulled out his cell phone and messaged Theresa: “Theresa, you’ve just left, but I’ve already missed you. What should I do?”
Theresa heard the message tone of her cell phone as soon as she sat in her seat. She tabbed it to read and replied: “Hold it back.”
Then she turned off the phone.
Reading the reply, Armand let out a silly laugh. Even they weren’t sweet words, as long as Theresa replied, he was quite joyful, happy, and satisfied.
Boyce cast a cold glance at him and said, “You smile like an idiot.”
“You are an idiot!” Armand retorted him. Right then, his phone rang. It was a call from his firm. There was a tough suitcase that none of the attorneys in the firm dare to take care of, so he needed to go back to deal with it. Armand hung up the phone and said to Boyce, “I have something urgent to deal with. Could you please take Matthew’s car to go home?”
Then he trotted away.
Boyce said, “What an unreliable man!”
Matthew gave his car key to Boyce, “Drive my car.”
“What about you?” asked Boyce.
“I still need to deal with something, so we won’t go back now. Could you please sent Amy back to the villa?”
Boyce nodded, “Sure.”
After he took a few steps, he asked, “Are you free tonight? If yes, I want to treat you for dinner.”
“Any celebration?” Dolores looked at him and asked.
Boyce nodded, “I want to introduce my girlfriend to you guys.”
Dolores widened her eyes, “Do you have a girlfriend now?”
Boyce thought that he had agreed with Wendy and accepted her, so he should introduce her to his friends.
He nodded, “Yeah.”
“Sure, we’re free.” Dolores smiled, “It’s such a big matter. Of course, we must be free.”
Boyce said, “Okay. After I reserved the restaurant, I’ll send the location to you.”
Dolores said OK and asked him to be careful when driving.
Boyce said, “No problem. I’ll definitely send Amy home safe and sound.”
After that, he held Amanda out of the airport lobby. Amanda lay prone on Boyce’s shoulder, curling her lips, “Alas... I’m dumped.”
“Bullshit! Dumped by whom?” Boyce opened the door and put her on the children's safety seat in the backseat.
Amanda curled her lips, “Of course by Mommy and Daddy. They are always together, ignoring Andrew and me.”
“You can be my daughter. In the future, you can stay in my house...”
“No way!” Amanda hurriedly interrupted him before Boyce finished his words. Although her parents were always together, she still felt quite happy.
She wouldn’t want to leave her parents and stay in Boyce’s house.
Boyce started the engine and thought of Wendy. He pulled out the phone and was about to call her, only to find that he didn’t have her phone number. Hence, he called Officer Miller.
Last night, Wendy told her parents that Boyce had accepted her.
Mrs. Miller was overjoyed, but Officer Miller only slightly heaved a sigh.
Mrs. Miller was quite unhappy and said, “Don’t you want our daughter to date Boyce?”
Officer Miller snorted but didn’t answer. Of course, he wanted his daughter to be together with Boyce, but right now, he was quite upset, feeling sorry for Boyce.
Seeing Boyce calling him, he swiped to answer immediately.
When he was about to ask Boyce if he had thought it over, Boyce asked him, “Hello, Officer Miller. I want to call Wendy, but I don’t have her number.”
Officer Miller cast a glance at his daughter, who was peeling an apple, and passed the phone to her directly, “Boyce’s call. He wants to call you but doesn’t have your number.”
Wendy immediately took it over to answer with a smile, “Hello, Boyce.”
“I want to invite my friends for dinner tonight and introduce you to them. Are you free tonight?”
“Of course. By the way, where are you now? Can you come to pick me up? I don’t want to drive to work. Why don’t you sent me there? Then you can drive your car back.” Since he had agreed to her, they were now dating. Hence, they must be together as often as possible so that love could be developed.
On the way back to the villa, Boyce would pass by the community where Wendy lived, so he said, “Sure. Come downstairs and wait for me. I’ll be arriving soon.”
Less than twenty minutes later, Boyce pulled over the car at the door of the community. Wendy had been waiting there. She thought that Boyce would come over in a taxi as his car was still with her. It wasn’t until Boyce pressed down the car window and called her did she see him.
After sitting in the car, she asked, “Whose car is it? Is this yours as well?”
Boyce was about to say no, but Amanda chimed in, “It’s my daddy’s.”
It wasn’t until then did Wendy notice that there was someone else in the car. She frowned. She wanted to get along with Boyce alone, wondering who the kid was.
#####Chapter 667: She Doesn’t Deserve Uncle Boyce
Although Wendy hurriedly put away her frown, Amanda still noticed it. She was quite happy to meet Wendy earlier, but the smile faded away gradually. She asked, “Excuse me, Aunt. Aren’t you happy?”
Otherwise, why did she frown?
Wendy hurriedly put on a smile, “Yes, I am. I like you very much. What’s your name?”
“I’m Amanda.” She blinked.
“I see.” Wendy turned to look at Boyce, “Why did you take her with you?”
“I’m sending her back home, so I came to pick you up on the way,” said Boyce.
Wendy was silent.
She wondered if she, Boyce’s girlfriend, couldn’t compare to his friend’s daughter.
“Boyce.”
“Yes?” Boyce took a glance at her and continued to drive. He asked, “What’s wrong?”
Wendy suppressed the unhappiness in her heart, “Nothing. I’ve never thought that your friend is so rich.”
This car was quite expensive.
She had never thought that Boyce had such a rich friend.
Boyce smiled because what Wendy said was the truth - Matthew was quite rich.
“Uncle Boyce, are you busy today?” Amanda poked her head, “If not, can you take me out for fun?”
Wendy looked back at her, “Uncle Boyce is going to work today. How could he take you out for fun?”
Amanda leaned back on the seat and said, “I was asking Uncle Boyce, not you. Why did you answer for him? So impolite!”
Wendy looked annoyed immediately. Boyce noticed her expression, and his eyes were darkened. He said in a deep voice, “She’s just a child.”
Wendy adjusted her expression and said, “I know. I didn’t say anything, did I? Why are you so protective of her? If you want to be protective, you should defend me.”
Amanda looked at Wendy from the back, curling her lips. She didn’t like Wendy for some reason because she thought Wendy was too hypocritical.
Wendy was obviously angry, but she denied it.
Amanda sneered inwardly.
“Which restaurant aren’t you planning to go to tonight? I know a nice one. Their food is yummy,” said Wendy.
“Okay. It’s up to you then.”
Boyce was quite easy-going on those matters.
Wendy leaned over, pressing her head on his shoulder, “It’s so nice of you, Boyce.”
She realized that he was indeed a good man. Last night, he accepted him, and today he was going to introduce her to his friends, which was an official announcement, making her feel quite secure.
When a lot of youngsters dated nowadays, girls always challenged their boyfriends, asking if they dared to show their group photos on the WeChat Moments, which was a sign of feeling insecure.
Boyce hadn’t be used to her approach, feeling quite uncomfortable. However, he didn’t push her away. He didn’t think he was a nice man, but as long as he said yes to her, he needed to make it official.
Amanda glared at Wendy. She disliked Wendy a lot because Wendy didn’t care about her public image and acted so intimate to Boyce despite that she was here as well.
For some reason, Amanda disgusted Wendy. No matter what Wendy did, she disliked her a lot.
Wendy asked, “Boyce, where is your phone?”
“In my pocket,” answered Boyce.
Wendy reached out to fumble for it. It was in the pocket of his trousers. Once she lay a finger on it. Boyce hurriedly pushed her hand away, “I’ll get it for you.”
Wendy’s hand was stiffened for a moment. With a smile, she said, “I want to save my phone number in your phone. Don’t be so sensitive.”
Boyce didn’t answer. He pulled out his phone and gave it to her.
Wendy took it over and asked, “What’s your password?”
“No password.” He didn’t set up the password for his cell phone.
Wendy swiped to unlock the screen. She smiled and asked, “What should I name the caller ID? Honey?”
Boyce answered indifferently, “It’s up to you. Anything will do.”
Wendy took a look at him, feeling that his mood wasn’t good, “Are you unhappy?”
“Nope,” Boyce answered.
Wendy didn’t mind, “The caller ID is my name. Do you know JN Restaurant? I’ll reserve a table.”
Boyce hummed. Soon, they arrived at Wendy’s company. After the car was parked, she pushed the door open and got off, “Be careful when driving. Call men when you are free.”
Boyce said OK.
When Boyce drove away, Amanda asked, “Uncle Boyce, is this lady your girlfriend?”
Boyce answered, “Yes, she is.”
“She doesn’t deserve you,” said Amanda. In her opinion, Boyce was quite lovely but the woman wasn’t. Besides, she was disgusting.
Boyce felt amused, “What do you mean by that? Besides, I’m not an outstanding man.”
“No, you are. Uncle Boyce, you are the best,” Amanda retorted.
“Really?”
“Of course. Haven’t you noticed that the atmosphere became bad when she was here? Without her, we are so happy, aren’t we, Uncle Boyce?” said Amanda.
Boyce recalled a bit and had to admit it - when Wendy was in the car, neither of them felt comfortable.
“Probably it’s because she hasn’t known as well. It’ll be better after we got o know each other more,” said Boyce.
Amanda shook her head, “Uncle Boyce, you called Uncle Armand an idiot. You are truly an idiot.”
Boyce laughed in anger, “Amanda, you are so sharp-tongued. I’m afraid you won’t have a boyfriend in the future.”
“I don’t want a boyfriend. I will be with my parents forever.” Amanda raised her head proudly.
When arriving at the villa, Boyce held her out of the car. As soon as they entered the villa, Cotton pounced at them while shaking its tail. Amanda struggled, “Put me down.”
Boyce put her down.
Amanda held Cotton and rubbed its head. Jayden was drinking tea. Seeing that Boyce sent his granddaughter back, Jayden asked, “Why did they ask you to send her back?”
“Matthew is busy dealing with something. I’m taking off now, Uncle Jayden,” said Boyce.
Jayden hummed. He rubbed Amanda’s head and asked with concerns, “Is it hot outside?”
Amanda shook her head. She looked up at him and said, “Grandpa, I’ve seen Uncle Boyce’s girlfriend.”
“Oh? Does Boyce have a girlfriend?” Jayden felt quite surprised but happy for Boyce.
“Yeah. But I don’t like that lady. She’s so fake. Uncle Boyce isn’t enthusiastic to her either.”
Jayden laughed, holding his granddaughter up, “You are still a kid. How do you know what the enthusiasm is?”
“How don’t I know? I’m not stupid.”
Jayden was amused by her, “Right. Amanda is pretty smart. Did you follow your daddy or mommy?”
Amanda held his neck and answered, “I followed my grandfather.”
Jayden laughed out happily. Kevin, who was playing chess with Andres, said, “Look at you.”
Jayden wasn’t angry, “I’m so happy. Mind your own business.”
Since there were two children in the villa, the two elders didn’t feel lonely at all. They sometimes teased each other and sometimes argued with each other.
The whole villa was full of the harmony of the family.
WY Group.
Leaving the airport. Matthew directly took Dolores to the company.
“You came here to work, but why did you drag me here?” Dolores felt so helpless. He asked Boyce to send their daughter back home, so she thought that he must be busy with something. Much to her surprise, he asked her to accompany him to work.
“Why? Aren’t you willing to?” Matthew opened a file. Dolores closed it for him and took it over to read through, “Of course not. You won’t pay me.”
Matthew wrapped around her waist and let her sit on his lap, “Even I belong to you. Why aren’t you still satisfied?”
Dolores went through the document in the file but fail to understand a single thing. She closed it and tossed it on the desk. She said jokingly, “Between the money and you, I prefer the former more.”
“Really?”
Matthew pinched her thigh under the cloth of her dress. Dolores let out a hiss in pain, glaring at him, “I just told you the truth. Why? Don’t you like it?”
“Of course not. Can the money make you comfortable?” Matthew approached her with a smile, “How about I prove to you that I’m more useful than the money?”
Dolores pushed his face, “We’re in your company. Behave yourself.”
“Tell me. Do you prefer the money or me?” Matthew didn’t stop.
“I prefer you.” Dolores held his face and kissed him, “Tell me. Why did you take me to your company?”
Matthew put on a serious look, “Most of my company employees didn’t attend our wedding. I took you here to meet them.”
They couldn’t invite so many people to the wedding, so only the senior executives had attended it. He wanted to introduce Dolores to the whole company.
Dolores widened her crystal clear eyes, curling up her lips into a smile. Raising his chin, she said coquettishly, “I see. You took me here just because you wanted to officially introduce me to them. It’s not because you’re reluctant to leave me or you miss me. Humph!”
#####Chapter 668: He Has Poor Taste
Matthew was quite cooperative. Raising his face, squinting slightly, he said in a magnetic and hoarse tone, “If I admit that I miss you, will you allow me to do something in my office?”
Dolores couldn’t hang on instantly. She couldn’t compare to him in terms of being shameless.
She released him, but Matthew grabbed her hand, unwilling to let her go. With a smile, he said, “You can’t just leave after flirting with me.”
Dolores said coquettishly, “I wasn’t flirting with you. Besides, who has witnessed it, and who can prove it?”
Matthew laughed, “In the future, no matter what you’ll do to me, I must take a video to make it the evidence.”
Dolores didn’t continue teasing him. She stood up from his lap, “Go back to your work. I’ll be waiting for you aside.”
Matthew was unwilling to let go of her, “I can read the documents with you in my arms.”
Dolores was embarrassed, “I don’t think it’s a good idea if someone comes in and sees us.”
“We’re married. Who dares to criticize us?” Matthew said naturally.
Dolores was still unwilling. Matthew didn’t care, pulling her back into his arms. With one hand wrapped on her waist, he opened the file to read with the other.
Knowing him well, Dolores didn’t struggle again. She found a cozy place and sat there. A lot of men the same age as him were becoming fat, but he didn’t have any fat on his belly at all. When he was sitting there, she could only feel the muscles. Even women would envy his shape.
Dolores felt bored. She asked, “Don’t you feel uncomfortable when holding me?”
Matthew looked down at her and answered, “No, I don’t. I like holding you.”
Dolores smiled, nestling in his arms, “What kind of girl is Boyce’s girlfriend? Boyce is so dull, but she has made him accept her. She’s pretty good.”
Boyce was a nice man, but he was pretty slow in love.
Suddenly, he had a girlfriend, which made Dolores quite surprised. Last time Armand said Boyce had a girlfriend, but the latter denied it.
“Have you met the girl named Jasmine Burke?” asked she.
Matthew said no.
In fact, he had met Jasmine, but he forgot.
Armand used to take her to the company once.
Dolores couldn’t understand the document in his hands. The more she read, the more sleepy she was. Yawning, she asked, “When will you finish it?”
Matthew patted her, “Just take a nap if you are sleepy. I’ll wake you up when I’m done.”
Dolores hummed and closed her eyes, leaning against his chest.
She had slept for two hours. Matthew’s lap went numb, but seeing that she was sleeping soundly, he didn’t wake her up, and nor could he make a move, afraid that he would wake her up.
“You should have woken me up.” Dolores rubbed her eyes and stood up from his arms. There was a glass of water on the desk, so she grabbed it over and took a sip, easing the thirst in her throat.
Matthew rubbed his numb thighs, “You were sleeping quite soundly, so I didn’t have the heart to wake you up.”
Dolores put down the water glass and looked at him. She hugged him and pecked on his cheek, “Honey, where are we going to lunch today?”
Matthew was shocked when hearing her calling him honey. He stared at her in a daze for a long while, “What did you call me just now?”
Dolores stood upright and denied it, “Did I call you just now?”
Matthew smiled helplessly, “You are becoming so cunning.”
Dolores leaned against the desk, “That’s used to describe a fox.”
Matthew pulled the chair away and stood up. He bent over and lifted her, “You are a fox.”
Dolores shook her legs, leisurely enjoying her husband’s intimacy and care. With a gentle smile, she said, “Then, are you fond of a fox like me?”
“I’ve been seduced by the enchanting fox, so now I want to be with the enchanting fox now.” Matthew put her on the sofa, “Let’s go to the company canteen for lunch.”
Dolores nodded and said obediently, “All up to you.”
Smiling, Matthew poked her nose.
At then past eleven, all the employees were knocked off. Matthew and Dolores went downstairs ten minutes later. When they arrived, almost all the employees of the company had been in the canteen.
Abbott came for lunch later than others. With a tray in his hands, he saw them come in, greeting them with a smile, “Good day, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson.”
He was surprised to see Matthew have lunch with Dolores in the canteen. He asked, “Are you here for lunch?”
Dolores smiled and asked, “Or what?”
Abbott smiled, too. Although the food in the canteen was delicious, it couldn’t compare to the food from a restaurant.
Right then, someone stood up and said, “Congratulations, Mr. Nelson.”
On his wedding day, Matthew gave each employee of WY Group two thousand as the lucky money.
Now, they were quite enthusiastic when seeing the couple. They called Dolores Mrs. Nelson respectfully.
Earlier when Matthew hadn’t held the wedding, the employees knew their relationship. However, they didn’t dare to change her title.
Now, all people in this country knew that they were married.
“Please come to sit here. There are empty seats,” said the secretary of Matthew’s office. She was sitting alone at a table with several empty seats.
When Matthew was busy, he used to come here for meals often. The employees had been used to it. However, this was the first time that their CEO’s wife came here.
Someone also showed the empty seat at his table, “We also have empty seats here.”
“Thank you all. We can sit here.” Dolores smiled and sat down with Matthew at the secretary’s table.
The secretary mentioned it first, and it was quite suitable to sit with her.
All employees liked Dolores very much. She was easy-going and never put on airs. Right now, she came in with Matthew to have lunch in the canteen, so the employees were quite enthusiastic about her and they respected her a lot.
Dolores didn’t eat in silence. All the employees came over to greet her after lunch.
“Please endure it, Mrs. Nelson. Finally, our CEO has a wife. We all are happy for him.” Abbott also came over after lunch. Two employees had just come over to greet Dolores, so he teased her.
He thought to himself, ‘I looked down upon Dolores the most in the past, but now so many employees liked her. Sure enough, I’m not good at knowing others.’
That was why he could only work for others instead of being a boss himself.
Matthew looked up at him, “Aren’t you busy?”
Abbott let out an awkward laugh, “I just came here to say bye.”
When he left, he said to Dolores, “Look. That’s how he suppresses me.”
Dolores laughed. After Abbott was gone, she poked Matthew, “You’d better treat your subordinates better in the future.”
“Don’t listen to his nonsense.” Matthew sneered.
Dolores had been in the company for a whole day. In the evening, Amanda called, saying that she wanted to have dinner with them together. Hence, they went to pick her up before heading to the restaurant.
When they arrived there, Armand was already waiting in the box.
#####Chapter 669: Big Fat Fish that Was Hooked
Matthew pulled the chair out for Dolores. After she sat down, he pulled out another one and sat down with Amanda in his arms.
Armand checked the time and said, “Boyce is putting on the air, isn’t he? It’s his treat, but he’s late.”
“Probably he’s delayed by something,” said Dolores. As far as she knew Boyce, he was always a punctual man.
“His girlfriend? Who is it? Hasn’t Jasmine Burke left City B already? Dolores, do you know who his girlfriend is?” Armand recalled that once Boyce had got into a woman’s car. He wondered if that woman was Boyce’s girlfriend.
“Isn’t she Jasmine Burke?” asked Dolores.
Armand shook his head, “That girl has left town...”
“I know who she is. I met her,” Amanda interrupted Armand and said complacently. She was quite proud that she was the first one among them all to meet Boyce’s girlfriend, although she didn’t like that woman at all.
“Really?” Armand asked with a smile, “Is she good-looking?”
Amanda thought for a moment, “Just so-so.”
No matter how good-looking she was, her first impression wasn’t good. It was nothing.
Amanda didn’t care about Wendy’s appearance at all. She only remembered that Wendy wasn’t good.
She couldn’t tell exactly why Wendy was good, but simply she disliked that woman.
Right then, two persons entered the restaurant.
“It’s really inappropriate for us to be late. It’s our treat.” Boyce looked a bit annoyed. He thought that Wendy was quite willful indeed. It was almost time, but she insisted on going home and changing her clothes. Hence, they were late.
“You’re introducing me to your friends today. If I was indecent, I would embarrass you, wouldn’t I?” Wendy knew it was bad to be late, but she would meet Boyce’s friends, so she wanted to show them her best side.
“If I was dirty and ugly, don’t you feel disgraced if you introduce me to your friends?”
Boyce couldn’t win against her verbally. He said indifferently, “I only treasure the character, not the hypocritical appearance. You are who you are. You don’t need to care about others’ criticism.”
Wendy pressed her lips, “Are you angry?”
“No. All right. Here we are.” Boyce meant to stop arguing. He pushed the door of the box open and said with a smile, “I’m sorry. We’re late.”
Wendy was indeed good-looking. She dressed up gracefully. Holding Boyce’s arm, she echoed with a smile, “I’m sorry. There was traffic on the way. We’re late.”
Boyce frowned. Obviously, he didn’t expect that she would lie.
They were late because she insisted on changing her clothes. How could she lie about the traffic?
“It’s alright. Nothing.” Armand smiled, looking at her up and down, He slightly raised his eyebrows. Sure enough, it was truly that woman he had seen once.
Boyce introduced his friends to Wendy, “This is Armand Bernie, a friend of mine.”
Wendy smiled at Armand politely, “Nice to meet you.”
Armand nodded.
Amanda lay prone on Matthew’s shoulder and whispered in his ear, “Daddy, I don’t like this woman. She’s so disgusting.”
Matthew patted her gently and whispered, “Be polite.”
Amanda pouted and whispered, “I told the truth.”
“Dolores, this is Wendy Miller, my girlfriend,” Boyce took Wendy to Dolores and introduced her.
“Nice to met you,” said Wendy with a smile. She looked at Dolores up and down. Pretending to cast a casual glance, she looked at Matthew sitting next to her.
Although Matthew didn’t speak, she noticed this man as soon as she entered the box.
She had never expected that Boyce's friends were like this.
Sure enough, outstanding men made friends with outstanding ones. If she had known that Boyce had such friends, she would have grasped him a long time ago.
Dolores smiled at her, “Nice to meet you, too.”
Her first impression about Wendy was not bad - she was pretty and polite.
“We’ve been waiting for you guys for a long time. Come on. Don’t starve us any longer.”
“Sure. Let’s sit down.” Wendy pulled Boyce to sit down.
Armand pulled out his phone and took a photo of Boyce and Wendy secretly. He sent it to Theresa.
Soon, Theresa sent back an emoji with a surprised look. She asked: “Who is the woman next to Boyce?”
Armand answered: “Guess.”
Theresa: “Tell me or not, I don’t care.” She also sent an emoji with a proud face.
Armand smiled. He replied: “His girlfriend. He’s introducing her to us. If only you haven’t left town. You could gather with us tonight. How about I’ll drive to City C after dinner?”
“It’s so late now. Are you nuts?”
“I want to have breakfast with you tomorrow morning.”
Theresa stared at her cell phone. Although she was smiling, she replied unfriendly words, “You are out of your mind.”
Armand smile and put away his cell phone.
“I know some chef’s specials of this restaurant. Do you guys avoid eating any food?” Wendy looked over at Dolores, “What’s your flavor? I heard that pregnant women are quite picky.”
“I’m not picky. I’m OK with anything,” said Dolores.
“Okay. I’ll order the dishes then.” Wendy opened the menu. Amanda chimed in, “Aunt, you haven’t asked me about my flavor yet.”
Wendy’s expression was stiffened for a moment. Immediately, she smiled at Amanda and asked, “What would you like to eat?”
Amanda leaned against Matthew’s chest and said, “I don’t know what dishes are served in this restaurant. How could I order?”
Wendy understood and passed the menu to her, “Take a look and let me know what you want to eat.”
She smiled friendly, but inwardly, she hated Amanda to death. She wondered why this little girl was so hateful.
She blamed Amanda inwardly.
Dolores frowned, patting her daughter, “You can’t be so impolite. Mind your attitude when talking to Aunt.”
“It’s alright. She’s just a kid.” Wendy kept being graceful on the surface.
Actually, Amanda knew that she shouldn’t have been so impolite, but for some reason, she disliked this woman a lot. It was just like how much she liked Tiana. There was no reason at all.
She liked or disliked others for no reason.
“Amy, order more dishes. Uncle Boyce rarely treated us for dinner.” Armand winked at Amanda.
Amanda opened the menu and read it through seriously. She had only been in the preschool for a few days, so she couldn’t read much. However, there were pictures on the menu, so she pointed at the dishes.
She smiled and inwardly praised the menu. Some restaurants didn’t provide menus with pictures, so she couldn’t order any dishes as she didn’t know how to read.
She ordered dishes as long as they were not spicy. She always ate light dishes at home, and her parents like the light dishes, so she made such choices.
When waiting for the dishes to be served, Armand asked, “Excuse me, Miss Miller?”
Wendy nodded with a smile.
“Is your father Officer Miller?” Armand finally understood something. Dolores and he had the same confusion, wondering how the woman managed to make Boyce accept her.
Right then, he suddenly recalled that the surname of Boyce’s boss was also Miller. He wondered if this woman’s father was Officer Miller.
Boyce didn’t like sharing what happened at work with them.
Hence, Armand didn’t know much about it.
Wendy said with a smile, “Yes, he is.”
“What happened? Have you already got married?” Armand recalled once Boyce mentioned that he had attended a wedding. Armand asked him whose wedding was it, and Boyce answered it was the wedding of his boss’s daughter.
Wendy’s expression changed dramatically.
“I divorced.” Wendy put on a stiffy smile, feeling quite awkward at the question about her marital status. She stood up, “I’m going to use the bathroom.”
As she spoke, she walked out of the box.
There was a few seconds of silence in the room. None of them had expected that she was divorced.
Armand looked over at Boyce, “Did she chase after you?”
Boyce nodded.
The next second, Armand lost his temper. He didn’t discriminate against Wendy for she was a divorced woman. Instead, he knew that Boyce had been respecting his boss always.
If Officer Miller mentioned it to him, Boyce would probably say yes to save Officer Miller’s dignity.
Earlier, Boyce felt quite upset because Jasmine suddenly had left him. Later, he claimed that Wendy was his girlfriend. It was obviously weird.
“You don’t fit each other,” said Armand directly.
Boyce said expressionlessly, “I don’t think so.”
Armand didn’t answer, staring at him.
Under his gaze, Boyce was quite uneasy, “Why are you looking at me like that?”
Armand snorted, “You are just like a big fat fish that was hooked!”
#####Chapter 670: Keep My Virginity
“Haha-” Amanda burst into laughter suddenly.
She was amused by Armand’s words, “Why does Uncle Boyce look like a big fat fish?”
Dolores pulled her into her arms, asking her to be quiet.
Rubbing her hair, she said, “Be a good girl.”
Amanda nodded obediently.
Armand just thought that Boyce was so stupid, “Does your boss want his daughter to marry you?”
Boyce nodded honestly. He could feel it, and Officer Miller did mean it.
Armand sneered, “Since he wants his daughter to marry you, why did he marry her to another man earlier?”
“She didn’t agree to marry me before.”
Upon hearing it, Armand disliked Wendy more, “She didn’t agree before, but now has she realized how good you are?”
After a pause, he asked in a colder and harsh tone, “Are you a backup?”
“Stop criticizing.” Boyce took a sip of the water.
“It’s not that I’m criticizing your relationship. It’s the truth. She didn’t like you before. After divorcing, she liked you. What kind of woman is that?” Armand disdained such a kind of woman, “Boyce, we’re all close friends. Tell us. What are you thinking of? Do you really like her? If you truly like her so much, we won’t disagree.”
Boyce felt annoyed. He kept filling his water glass.
Dolores cast a glance at Armand, “Please stop it.”
“I don’t want to mind his business, but I’m afraid he would suffer loss, be deceived, and regret it.” Armand also gulped down mouthful water, “You must spend the whole life with your wife. You must choose for yourself. I won’t stay for dinner tonight then. I’ve met her. I’m still busy. Gotta go now.”
After finishing his words, Armand pulled the chair away and looked at Boyce, “Boyce, forgive me, but I don’t like this woman at all, no matter what.”
Then he walked out of the box.
Dolores felt quite disappointed as Wendy didn’t like Boyce in the beginning and came back to him after the divorce.
She agreed with Armand - Boyce was just a backup.
Boyce was an outstanding man, but how could she do that?
“Dolores, what do you think?” Boyce looked over at Dolores in confusion.
His mind was in a mess now.
He knew that Wendy and he didn’t fit in all kinds of ways, but he believed that the current status was his life now - as long as he could find someone to marry and live on.
“She can’t decide for your own love. The most important is what you yourself think,” Matthew answered on Dolores’s behalf.
Boyce was quiet.
He had already convinced himself. However, after Armand criticized him, he couldn’t keep calm at all.
He felt as if he had made a wrong decision.
Out of the box, Armand bumped into Wendy, who came back from the ladies’.
Seeing him, Wendy asked with a smile, “Are you leaving? We haven’t had dinner yet.”
“I got something urgent to deal with.” He bypassed her. After a few steps, he stopped, “Excuse me, Miss Miller.”
Wendy maintained her smile and asked, “Yes, Mr. Bernie?”
“Miss Miller, may I ask you a question, please? What do you like about Boyce?”
Wendy answered without any hesitation, “He’s a good man. I like the way he is.”
“Why didn’t you like him before but started liking him after divorce?” Armand asked harshly.
Wendy could hardly maintain the smile, “What do you mean?”
“What do I mean? Miss Miller, you are a smart woman. You should know it.” Armand snorted, “One should have the integrity. You can’t bully an honest man. Otherwise, you’ll get your karma.”
Wendy finally couldn’t keep smiling at all. She even couldn’t maintain being graceful. She said in a cold tone, “Is it just because I’ve divorced, I can’t have the right to be happy?”
“Do you think being with Boyce is your happiness?” Armand felt ridiculous.
“Yes. I feel happy when being with him.”
Armand laughed, “Since you like him, why did you refuse him in the beginning. You feel happy, but how about him? Have you asked if he’s happy? Miss Miller, do you only care about your own feeling but ignore others?”
“You...”
“I just feel sorry for my friend. Miss Miller, please don’t mind.”
After finishing his words, Armand strode away.
Wendy was standing motionlessly, glaring at Armand’s receding figure, “You should mind your own fucking business.”
Armand hears her words but ignored her. He walked out of the restaurant lobby, pulled out the car key, and pressed the unlock button. The headlight of a car sparkled. He walked over and pulled the door open. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. He was so angry that Wendy did cherish Boyce in the beginning, but after she divorced and became second-handed, she went back to Boyce. What a shameless woman she was!
He started the engine but didn’t drive away immediately. He looked up the route to City C on his cell phone.
It was dark in the evening, so Armand didn’t drive fast. He made up his mind so suddenly, so he didn’t bring anything to see Theresa.
At past four in the morning, he arrived in City C. He finally arrived at Theresa’s apartment at five o’clock.
Theresa was staying in the apartment that Dolores and she used to stay in. Now she was alone. When it was five o’clock in the morning, she was still sleeping. She was woken up by the doorbell. Before sobering up, she went to open the door in pajamas, “Who is it?”
Opening the door, she found that Armand stood at the door. His clothes were wrinkled. There were two big dark circles under his eyes. He mentioned that he would come over to find her today, but Theresa thought that he was kidding. After all, she had just come back for two days.
“Why... Why did you come here for real?”
Armand smiled, “I missed you, so I came here.”
Theresa was a bit touched. She said, “Please come in...”
Armand hugged her. She gaped. He pressed his head on her shoulder and whispered, “I miss you so much.”
Theresa didn’t respond, just standing there motionlessly. After a long while, she said, “Come in. Don’t stand at the door.”
Armand let go of her.
Theresa closed the door and asked, “Are you going to take a nap?”
He had such big dark circles. She guessed that he had stayed up overnight.
Armand shook his head, “I’m not sleepy yet.”
Theresa poured a glass of water for him and sat on the sofa. She asked, “What does Boyce’s girlfriend do? How did they get to know each other?”
“Gee. That’s a good question.” Armand took a sip of the water, “She’s a divorced woman. A few years ago, she didn’t like Boyce. Now she’s divorced, so she came back to him. Boyce is still a virgin. That woman doesn’t deserve him!”
Theresa supported her chin and looked at him, blinking, “Are you?” she asked.
“What am I?” Armand was confused. 
“A virgin. Are you a virgin?” Theresa curled up her lips into a smile, but her eyes looked quite serious. Armand felt a bit creepy.
He almost sprayed out the water in his mouth, feeling as if he had shot himself on his foot.
“Theresa, could we stop talking about things that had happened in the past, please?” Armand fawned on her by grabbing the sleeves of her upper pajama, looking aggrievedly, “If I had known that I would meet you in my life, I would keep my virginity. I promise you. I wouldn’t lay a finger on any other woman in the future besides you.”
#####Chapter 671 Boyce Shawn had Gone Missing  
"Really?" Theresa obviously did not believe it.
Armand immediately stretched out three fingers and swore to heaven, "If I lie, I won't be a man all my life. Is this cruel enough?"
Theresa stood up. "I won't even believe a punctuation mark you said."
Armand was lost for words.
"I have to go to work later. For your sake of not sleeping all night, I'll give you a blanket." After that, Theresa walked to the bedroom, and Armand immediately followed. "I came all the way to see you, and you only give me a blanket? Where do I sleep?"
Theresa glimpsed back at him calmly and gestured with her mouth. "Sofa."
Armand was speechless.
He stayed up all night just to come to see her, and she only let him sleep on the sofa?
"Theresa..."
"There are only three rooms here. You should know who stay in the other two? Tell me, whose room do you want to sleep in?" Theresa crossed her arms before her chest and looked at him.
Dolores used to live here, except Theresa’s room, the others belonged to Dolores and her two children. He certainly would not go to Dolores’s room. Even if she was gone, he can't sleep in that room. He could actually use the two children’s room.
But he did not want to sleep in the two children’s room. He still thought Theresa’s room was the most suitable one. A flattering smile appeared on his face. "I think your room is suitable."
Theresa stretched out her hand to stop him. "Don’t you think about it!"
"I don't understand what you said," Armand said recklessly, bent down and went under her arm. He leapt onto the bed and held the quilt. "I'm so sleepy. I want to sleep."
He buried his head in the quilt, and there was Theresa's breath and smell. Although her face had changed, her body fragrance would not change.
He hugged the quilt greedily.
Theresa was enraged and she bit her lip. She wanted to drag him away, but having thought that her strength was not as strong as him, and she could not drag him off the bed at all if he refused to move, she withdrew her hand, stood by the bed and said, "Armand, I didn't expect you to be such a rogue. Okay, you can sleep, I'll move to somewhere else tomorrow, and you won’t find me."
Armand immediately sat up. ‘That’s not how it works.’
He grabbed Theresa's hand and looked wronged. "Theresa, my good Theresa, do you bear to see me sleep on the sofa after driving for the whole night?"
Theresa glanced at him coldly. "I don't buy this."
Armand, like a poor kid, stood up from the bed and stood aside with his head down.
"Don't try to get my sympathy." Theresa's voice became softer. “Go clean up and sleep."
Armand nodded "docilely", but he was laughing in his heart. It was still more useful to pretend to be pitiful. That works on this woman.
If Theresa knew what he was thinking, she would definitely kick him out.
"You go out first."
Armand was obedient and he immediately went out of the room. He knew he would not have a good consequence if he opposed her.
It was almost six o'clock now. He went to the kitchen to check whether there was anything to eat. Theresa just bought a lot of things yesterday. He did not want to eat outside by himself, and he decided to just make something at home.
Armand rolled up his sleeves and washed his hands. He took out eggs and bread. He could not cook complex dishes, but it was okay to fry an egg and make toast. Having seen these things in the refrigerator, he knew Theresa must be going to make her breakfast that way.
When the eggs were fried and the toast was ready, he put them on a plate, found a cup and poured out some fresh milk.
Theresa cleaned up, dressed up neatly and came out. Noticing he had made breakfast, she could not help raising her eyebrow and walked over. "I didn’t know you could make breakfast?"
Armand smiled. "I'm willing to do anything for you."
Theresa snorted coldly. "Don’t try to bribe me with a meal. Could I possibly live forever after this meal?"
Armand was speechless.
He touched his nose, smiled and said, "Please sit down and eat."
Theresa pulled her chair and sat down. "I'll go to the store later..."
"You could mind your work, don't worry about me. Just tell me when you get off work in the evening," Armand said with a smile.
Theresa took a sip of milk. "I still can’t be sure about it."
"Then could I go look for you?" Armand said with a smile.
Theresa did not speak and seemed to acquiesce.
After Theresa left, Armand cleaned himself up and lay happily on Theresa's bed. He looked forward to spending time alone with Theresa at night. He wanted to find a restaurant with a good atmosphere for dinner, then take a walk, take the opportunity to hold her hand and kiss her face…
Armand fell asleep amidst a beautiful dream and woke up in the rapid ringing of his mobile phone. He snatched his mobile phone and looked at the time. It was over 3 pm. He sat up. Had he been sleeping for nearly a day?
Also, what was Matthew calling him for?
He pressed the answer button. "Hey, what’s up? I have to get my wife back now, I don't have time to care about Boyce..."
"It's me."
"Do, Dolores." Armand went clear-headed. "What can I do for you?"
"Armand, Boyce's whereabouts are unknown now..."
As if being hit by a thunder, Armand could not react at length. "What, what's going on?"
As he spoke, he got up and got dressed.
Her voice was trembling. "He drove Matthew's car and fell off XX Bridge. He’s still unfound yet. Matthew has been looking for him outside. I'm so worried. Please help him look for him. The longer the time passes, the greater the danger, so..."
"Calm down, Dolores, I get it. I'll go back now." Armand hurried out. "How could this happen?"
"Matthew is looking for him now. There's no time to investigate what's happened." At the moment, Dolores was holding Amanda and she was trembling.
When the car fell, Amanda and Lucy were inside. She did not know the situation that time. She only knew that Amanda was rescued, Lucy drowned and Boyce was gone.
Amanda seemed frightened and she lay in Dolores's arms without talking.
Dolores kept patting her on the back and comforting her. "It’s okay, it’s okay, mommy’s here."
"There’s water, a lot of water." Amanda grabbed her collar. "Mommy, I'm scared, I’m really scared."
Dolores kissed her forehead. "Mommy’s here. You won’t be scared when mommy holds you."
She was exceptionally horrified at the moment and she was worried that something would happen to Boyce.
"How could this happen?" Coral walked anxiously back and forth in the living room. "Mr. Shawn came to deliver the car keys, and just in time, Simona was pulling Lucy to buy a cake. The chauffeur had taken a leave, so Mr. Shawn drove them. How could the car go down the bridge?"
Dolores asked, "Why did she suddenly want to eat cake?"
She preferred eating ice cream during summer. There were many in the refrigerator at home.
Coral was gossiping with Lucy. Coral inadvertently asked Lucy's age. As they talked, they mentioned about birthday. As a result, she knew that today was Lucy's birthday. Amanda heard it and she insisted to buy a cake.
The chauffeur was not at home, and since Boyce had come, he was asked to drive them out. No one had expected such a thing to happen.
There were only Dolores, the two children and Coral in the villa.
Jayden and Kevin went out to help find Boyce.
She had no idea what had exactly happened during that time. One was dead, one had gone missing, and the other was stupefied and was shivering in Dolores's arms.
#####Chapter 672 Why are There so Many Disasters in Your Life
Amanda did not sleep nor speak, she nestled in Dolores's arms. Andrew was sitting on the sofa opposite, he pursed his lips and looked at his sister. He suddenly came down the sofa, went to Dolores, touched his sister's head and asked, "Are you hungry?"
Amanda did not speak.
He sighed. His sister was truly frightened this time and she did not even want to say anything.
It was late at night. Dolores asked Coral to take Andrew to bed. He refused. "What about you?"
"I'm waiting for your father." Dolores looked at her son. "Be a good boy and go to bed."
Andrew sat next to her and said, "I want to stay with you."
Dolores touched her son's head and took him into her arms. Waiting would not be so painful with them around.
They did not sleep that night. When it was bright in the morning, Coral said, "I'll get you something to eat. You didn't eat last night. With your current health, you can't always skip meals."
"Please make something."
Matthew had not come back yet. It must be that Boyce was not found yet. How could she have the appetite to eat?
Even if she did not eat, the two children still need something to eat. When Jayden and the gang came back, they could have something to eat too.
It was always right to prepare something.
However, all this was prepared in vain. They did not come back the whole day.
The two children could not help but fall asleep on the sofa. Dolores carried Amanda and went upstairs, while Coral took Andrew into the room downstairs to sleep.
She sat by the bed and pulled a little quilt over her daughter. She did not dare to put her down. When she fell asleep, she would suddenly wake up and look for her.
That was caused by excessive fright.
Coral put Andrew on the bed. Seeing that there was no sign of him waking up, she went to the kitchen and brought a bowl of soup to Dolores. "Do you want to eat this bowl of soup?"
Dolores shook her head. "I can't."
"You have to even if you can’t. You're not alone." Coral scooped the soup with a spoon, reached it to her and said, "I'll feed you."
"It’s okay, leave it on the table. I'll eat it later." Dolores could not possibly let Coral feed her. She really did not want to eat it, but she did not want Coral to worry too.
At this time, there was a sound of door opening downstairs. Dolores became alert. "Are they coming back?"
Coral said, "I'll go down and have a look."
Soon there were footsteps upstairs. It wasn't Coral. She turned back. The one coming in was Matthew.
"Well, did you find him?" Dolores asked anxiously.
Matthew did not speak, he jerked his collar and pulled down his face.
Dolores fell silent. He must not have found him, otherwise he would not be in such a bad mood.
Matthew frowned when he saw the untouched soup on the table. "You didn’t eat?"
"I can't eat." Dolores lowered her eyes.
Matthew sat by the bed, looked at his daughter and whispered, "It was Declan who did it. I don’t know how his family did it, they managed to get him out. They were going to go abroad. Old Mr. Bailey was going to get executed that day, and they wanted to avenge me."
During his two nights and one day outside while looking for Boyce, he had investigated the situation at that time. There was monitoring on the bridge. All the scenes at that time were captured.
Declan knew it was Matthew's car, but he did not know Matthew was not the one driving it. He drove a 4WD cross-country car and frantically hit Boyce's car. At that time, there were many cars on the bridge, and Boyce could not get away. Since there was a child in the car, he was very passive.
When the car was pushed to the railing by Declan's car, he threw Amanda out of the window and Amanda was rescued by the people on the road. Neither he nor Lucy got out and they fell with the car.
There was a dam under XX Bridge. The current was fast and it was very dangerous.
The car was salvaged, the car doors were closed and the window glass was not damaged. There was no trace of Boyce, only Lucy drowned in it.
Dolores trembled a little. "What about Declan now? Escaped?"
"No, he wanted to escape, but before he had time to board the plane, we found him in a nearby small hotel and had sent him to the police station."
He took the soup from the table and fed it to Dolores, comforting, "It's a good thing we didn't find Boyce, that means he may be fine. Armand and Officer Miller are still looking for him. I come back just to have a look at you and I’ll go out later."
Dolores was still worried. Embankments were built at both sides of the river with stones. It was not easy for anyone to get rescued without help.
"How could Declan get out?" Dolores could not figure it out. His father had become like that, who would have the ability to get him out?
Matthew suddenly understood one thing. Emma Bailey, the sixth of the family, had suddenly showed up in front of Dolores, and it was easy for Boyce to find out that it was her. What was her purpose?
Was it really to ruin the relationship between him and Dolores?
It seemed to be not the case now. If it was really to ruin their relationship, she would not disappear after showing up only twice. She was trying to turn his attention away. Although the daughters of the Bailey’s were not satisfied of the Bailey family, Declan was the only man in the Bailey family. Now that Roger Bailey was sentenced to death, in order to secure the Bailey’s only heir, it was still possible to get Declan out.
"Alright, eat something first." Matthew scooped the soup and handed it to her mouth. "Be a good girl. If you’ve fallen sick, what would happen to the children?"
Dolores could not refuse him and she opened her mouth.
The Miller family was not peaceful these two days too. Officer Miller had been looking for Boyce outside. Mrs. Miller sat on the sofa. "How could this happen? Something’s happened to him when you’ve just recovered."
"Alright, mom, don't say anything unlucky." Wendy was upset and she did not want to listen to her nagging.
"Aren't I worried about you? You’re divorced. Now that you’ve recovered with Boyce, his life and death are unknown. Why are there so many disasters in your life?"
Wendy was provoked, she got up from the sofa and walked towards the door.
Mrs. Miller was worried and she shouted, "It’s late, where are you going?"
"I'm going to look for dad and see if there's any clue." She then went out and did not want to hear Mrs. Miller's nagging.
She called Officer Miller and asked, "Dad, where are you?"
Officer Miller was in the lower reaches of the river, looking for Boyce's whereabouts together with the police officers.
Knowing that his daughter was coming, he immediately sent her the location with his mobile phone. He felt that she should come. After all, she had established a relationship with Boyce.
Now that Boyce's life and death were unknown, she should care and come to look for him.
Armand who was standing on the boat was wet. It was dark at night and they could only rely on flashlights. The search was not delayed at all, but it was still worrying after so long.
After about an hour, Wendy arrived and got on board with the help of Officer Miller.
"Still no clue?" She seemed a little apprehensive.
Although she only discovered the good part of Boyce after a while, she knew Boyce was really a good guy after getting along with him these few days.
Now that something like this had happened, she was also very worried.
Armand glanced at her and did not speak.
Wendy did not like Armand too and she did not say hello to him.
"Dad, can't you send more people?" Wendy said.
"All the people who can be used in the Institute have been transferred here." He was anxious too, but there was no better way.
It was out of the city and the river was so long. With a heavy heart, he thought that the possibility of him surviving was too small.
#####Chapter 673 You Must Be Looking for Someone
It will be two days and two nights soon, could he still be alive even if they did find him?
Officer Miller took off his hat and sighed deeply.
"Dad, don't be like this." She took Officer Miller's arm and looked at the rising sun in the sky. She could not help sighing too.
There was a fork below the spot they searched. One side faced east and the other faced west. The river channel in the west was wider, which increased the difficulty of searching, and they needed to divide into two groups.
Armand said, "I'll take some to the west."
Officer Miller nodded and assigned more people to him. Armand had gone down several times. He was exhausted. He sat on the deck barefoot, and water was dripping from his body.
At dawn, Matthew came and asked him if he had any clues.
Armand shook his head and thought of the worst outcome. "Could he..."
"No." Matthew said firmly, "if we didn’t find him, it's not necessarily that he drowned in the water, maybe he was saved? When the car was salvaged, the glass was not broken and the door was closed. We all know that due to the water resistance, it’s impossible to open the door in the water. I think, maybe he’s come out of the car and didn't fall into the water with the car."
What he said was very reasonable, but Armand still did not understand one thing. "If he’s alive, and we’ve searched from the city to the suburbs, how come we still don’t find him after such a long way? Where has he gone?"
Matthew could not explain this too.
As Armand said, if he was still alive, how can they not find him?
At this time, the mobile phone in the pocket of the shirt Armand threw aside rang. He snatched it and took out his mobile phone. It was Theresa's number.
He pressed the answer button. "Hey, Theresa."
"Did you find him?" Theresa asked.
He was in a hurry when he came back and he did not see Theresa. He called her and told her Boyce’s situation. She must be worried that she called to ask about the situation.
Armand answered, "No."
"What if I go..."
"No, you can’t do anything either. I'll call you when there’s news. Don't worry, we'll try our best." There would be more people worried about Boyce when she came, it was better for her to stay away to alleviate the anxiety.
"Alright, don't forget to tell me any news," Theresa said.
"I won’t."
Armand lowered his head. "I'm afraid I can't see you recently."
"You don’t have to, it’s more important to find him."
Armand agreed.
Theresa clenched her mobile phone and said, "If there’s nothing else, I'll hang up."
She then hung up.
Armand put his mobile phone back into his pocket, stood up, walked to Matthew and asked, "There’s no point searching this way."
Matthew looked at the small wooden boat docked by the river and turned to ask, "What's that boat for?"
Armand shook his head and said, "I don't know."
He did not say anything and asked people to pull the boat ashore. Armand ran over and asked, "What are you trying to do?"
Matthew still did not speak, because he was not sure whether his judgment was right.
Armand followed him off the boat and asked the rest to continue searching.
Along the shore was a reclaimed vegetable garden. An old man was picking vegetables. Matthew came over.
The old man put the picked lettuce into a basket. When he saw someone coming, he asked, "What can I help you?"
"I saw a boat docked by the river, what's that boat for?" Matthew asked.
"Why are you asking?" The old man was unwilling to answer.
Armand said, "We come to clean up the river."
The old man then only replied, "Mr. Parry used to raise geese in this water, but since he was not allowed to raise them later, the boat has gone useless."
"It was used to raise geese before, right?" Armand asked.
The old man pointed at the blue nets discarded by the bank and said, "Yes, these nets were fixed in the middle of the river back then. He needs to go in when feeding the geese, so Mr. Parry made the wooden boat, but the village head said that it would pollute the environment, and he did not allow him to raise the geese, so the boat was abandoned."
"So the boat was not used anymore?" Armand asked again, probably knowing what Matthew suspected.
Since no one was found in the river, could he possibly get ashore by any coincidence? Or was saved?
The old man said assertively, "No, you can see there’s moss under it. No one used it, and it's not firm anymore after a long time, who would use it?"
Matthew looked up. There was a village not far away. Although it was a village, there were also small buildings with three floors and five floors.
"Have you ever had strangers in your village?"
"Yes, they’re all strangers. Many rental houses in our village are occupied by migrant workers," said the old man.
Matthew was a little disappointed. It seemed that Boyce had not been saved.
However, he did not know that his judgment was actually correct, it was just that he had searched the wrong place.
Boyce did come out of the car when the car fell, he did not fall into the water with the car, but the water above the dam was deep and urgent. After falling into the water, he wanted to save Lucy, but the car door could not be opened underwater at all. During the process, he accidentally stepped on the side of the dam and was washed down. He could only go with the rapid current down the river.
He was washed to a far place, and the water grass entangled his feet before he stopped. During the process, he was choked by a lot of water and almost drowned in the river several times. Fortunately, he broke free from the water grass, and was exhausted. He vaguely saw a boat. He did not know what it was for. He swam desperately towards the boat. The person on the boat did not see him. When the person steered the boat around, he was knocked into a coma.
When he opened his eyes again, he was in a strange environment.
The small room was dark and damp.
He could vaguely hear someone talking.
The one talking was the man who hit Boyce. He was tall, fat, dark and had rugged looks. He fished river snails and wild clams for a living. He did not expect to hit someone. At that time, he wanted to run away, but he was afraid that he would be found through investigation if Boyce died. He then took him onto the boat. He only saw blood on his head when he returned home, and he was horrified at that time.
After sitting on the ground for a long time, he only then reached out to detect his breath. Sensing he was still breathing, he hurriedly searched for a doctor. He would become a murderer if Boyce died.
A doctor from the village service agency asked him to send Boyce to a big hospital after checking him.
"I have no money." The man was not willing to spend huge amount of money, so he asked, "Can he still live without going?"
"I'm not sure. The injury is on his head, it's best for him to take a CT scan in a big hospital," the doctor suggested.
"It would be fine as long as he doesn’t die."
The doctor could not force him too and he could only leave. As he reached the entrance, he asked, "Is he someone of yours?"
The man choked, he rolled his eyes and said, "He’s my relative."
The doctor nodded and walked out of the door.
Boyce’s head hurt so much as if it was going to crack, but he could hear their conversation clearly. He supported himself with the wall and came out. "Are you the one who hit me?"
He clearly remembered that he had lost consciousness after being knocked down by a small boat.
The man was startled and he widened his eyes. "You, you’re awake?"
Boyce glanced at the large and small pots and bags placed on the floor in the room. There were water and mud on the floor and pots filled with river snails.
"Do you have a phone?" Boyce asked. He needed to contact someone.
He had already lost his mobile phone.
"What are you trying to do?" The man was afraid that he would sue him and he hurriedly pushed away the responsibility. "You can’t blame me, it’s you who’s in the water in the first place."
"I just want to make a call," Boyce said weakly.
"Don't you think I'm easy to fool." The man obviously did not believe it. Boyce just wanted to make a phone call but he thought he must have wanted to call someone to catch him.
As soon as Boyce realized that he could not persuade the man, he decided to go out and find someone. He needed to go back quickly and tell Matthew that Declan had got out and he should be alert. Declan wanted to avenge him.
However, when he came to the door, he felt a sharp pain on the back of his head. He turned his head and saw the man holding a wooden stick. He was grasping it with both hands, slightly trembling and acting calmly while widening his eyes. "Don't think I'm easy to fool, you must be looking for someone."
#####Chapter 674 Running Away Due to the Fear of Being Blackmailed
Boyce fainted and fell down.
The man threw away the stick and was a bit scared. He worried that he had killed the man with a stick. Nowadays, there were so many bad guys. He appeared in the water for no reason. He must not be a good person either. He consoled himself and then carried the man up and threw him to a deserted place.
Then, he ran back, packed up his things and ran away during the night.
He was afraid of being blackmailed for money and afraid that he would have to go to jail if he killed someone, so he took the opportunity to escape.
This was a remote village a hundred kilometers away from City B. The people in the village were not rich and most of the young guys had gone out to work, leaving the elderly and children at home.
After her mother’s death, she had no incentive to earn money. After burying her mother, she wanted to stay in her hometown and find a job to simply gain a living. However, the people in her hometown always talked bad about her. So, she left.
She was once a volunteer in the village. She knew that the people there were poor and no one wanted to become a teacher here. So, she left her hometown and came to this village which was a hundred kilometers away from City B to work as a teacher.
She came from a poor place as well so she knew how difficult it was for children from poor families to go to school.  Since she did not have a mother to look to, she put all her hopes on these children.
There were five classes and three teachers in the school in total. Apart from her, there were two other teachers who were the headmaster, who was in his 50s and a teacher who came back to the village to support the children after studying at university because the school in the big city had not yet started. After some time, he would leave.
Jasmine taught Year 2 and Year 1 language, and Year 3, 4 and 5 drawing and singing.
Her first class this morning was Year 2 language. Chris, the best-performing and most disciplined person in the class, was late.
As soon as he entered the classroom, he shouted, “Ms. Burke, it’s not good ...”
Jasmine, who was writing the words that needed to be recognized on the blackboard, did not look back and said, “Sit down first and tell me after taking a breath.”
Chris still stood in the doorway akimbo, “I saw a dead man on my way to school.”
Jasmine put down her chalk and frowned, “What are you talking about?”
“I said, I saw a dead man,” Chris said word by word.
“Where is it?” Jasmine walked over, “Bring me there.”
“Okay, you come with me.” Chris tugged on Jasmine’s sleeve. The students also wanted to see the dead body. Seeing her walk away, they also got up from their seats. However, Jasmine ordered them to sit down, “No one is allowed to leave the classroom.”
‘Don’t know who is it. If he is dead, it’s better not to let the children see as they are still young.’
“Assistant monitor, you lead the class to read the text in chapter five,” Jasmine said.
The assistant monitor stood up and said, “Yes.”
“Ms. Burke, come with me quickly.” Chris was in a hurry and dragged Jasmine along.
The condition of the road was bad. Jasmine reminded him, “Slow down a bit.”
“I’m afraid that the person will disappear,” Chris said.
Jasmine shook her head helplessly, “You said that it was a dead man, will he get up and walk away?”
Chris scratched his head, “Sounds true.”
Jasmine rubbed his hair. She thought that he was so cute. She followed him to the path behind the school. She vaguely saw a man lying on the ground not far away.
She became nervous suddenly, “Chris, when did you see that?”
“On my way to school, I was very scared that time.” Chris patted his chest.
‘That man’s bleeding terribly. He’s lying on the ground. I’m still very scared now.’
The nearer Jasmine walked towards the body, the more she felt that the back was familiar, but she could not remember where she had met him.
“Ms. Burke, shall we call the police?” Chris asked.
Jasmine approached and said, “Of course we shall call the police ...” 
Before she could finish her words, she saw the face of the man lying on the ground.
#####Chapter 675 Boyce Wakes Up
She quickly squatted down and reached out her hand to move away the hair on the corner of his forehead. It was indeed Boyce’s face. Why was he here?
“Boyce.” Jasmine patted his face. There was no sign of him waking up at all.
She shouted anxiously, “Chris, quickly go and call someone.”
Chris looked at Jasmine blankly, “Ms. Burke, you know him?”
“Go and call someone!” Jasmine was so anxious that she could not help but raised her voice.
“Okay, I’ll go now.” Chris quickly ran away. He tripped over a stone on the way and fell to the ground. He was covered in dirt, but he had no time to clean it. He immediately got up and ran.
Jasmine tried to pick him up, but his body was too heavy for her to get him up off the ground. Looking at the dried blood on his head, she was very sad and her eyes became red.
“Ms. Burke.” The one who came was another teacher, called Keith, a university student.
Most of the people in this village had the surname Weeks.
Jasmine said eagerly as if she had found someone who could save her, “Quick, help me take him to the hospital.”
Keith squatted down and said, “I’ll carry him to the village.”
With Jasmine’s help, Keith experienced a hard time to carry Boyce up. Chris said, “I’ll ask the headmaster to drive the tricycle.”
After saying this, he ran off to the school.
There was a lot of sweat on Keith’s head, “Jasmine, I think you are very nervous, do you know him well?”
Jasmine said yes.
Keith lowered his eyes and continued on his way. Soon, the headmaster came to pick them up in a tricycle, “All get in.”
A tricycle was a three-wheeled vehicle with a compartment at the back for pulling crops during the busy season.
There was a seat next to the driver’s seat which people could sit on it. However, it was narrow. Jasmine climbed into the carriage and said, “Put him at the back.”
She sat down and let Boyce’s head rest on her lap.
Keith also climbed up, sat at the back and said, “I’ll help you.”
Jasmine nodded.
The road was not smooth and bumpy. Jasmine was worried about causing secondary damage to Boyce and said to Keith, “Can you help me to hold his body?”
Keith nodded and sat over to place Boyce’s body on his lap. He used his arms to hold his body in place so as to reduce some of the bumpy feelings.
When they got out of the village, the road was flat and their speed was faster as there was no bump.
It took more than an hour to reach No.2 People’s hospital in the county, where Boyce was successfully admitted to the operating room with the help of the medical staff.
“Ms. Burke, who is he?” The headmaster asked.
The situation was so urgent that he did not have time to ask. When he got off the tricycle, he saw that Jasmine was very worried that her face was pale.
Jasmine lowered her head and said, “A very good friend.”
“Why is he here?” Keith pursed his lips, “Is he here to look for you?”
He liked Jasmine the first time he saw her. Looking at her nervous and anxious face for that man, he was sad.
Jasmine shook her head, “He’s a police officer. I think he’s here due to his works.”
This was the only reason she could think of.
‘Otherwise, why would he appear here for no reason?’
“Thank you,” Jasmine said sincerely. If it was not for their help, she could not send Boyce to the hospital so quickly.
‘If not because of them, I don’t know what will be the situation now.’
“You’re welcome, you’re welcome, we’ve all known each other so well and you’re giving the students lessons for free, we should thank you.” The headmaster smiled. The wrinkles at the corners of his eyes were deep but still kind.
“That’s right, no need to be so polite to us.” Keith bought water and handed it to her. Jasmine took it and said thank you.
She did not open it and drink, but clutched it in her hand and glanced towards the operating room from time to time.
“Don’t worry too much.” Keith patted her shoulder and comforted her.
Jasmine nodded.
After about two hours or so, the door to the operating room was opened. The doctor came out and asked, “Who is his family member?”
Everyone looked at each other for a moment before Jasmine stepped forward, “I’m his friend.”
“Where is his family member?” The doctor asked.
Jasmine said, “I can’t contact them either, if there is anything, you can talk to me.”
“The patient’s main injury is in the brain. We have checked that it is not life-threatening, but the medical conditions here are limited, we can’t rule out the possibility of concussion. If you want to have a further examination, you have to go to the hospital in the city. It’s up to you to decide whether to go or not.”
Jasmine did not hesitate and said, “Of course we shall go to a big hospital ...”
“Doctor, when will the patient wake up?” Keith stepped forward and interrupted Jasmine’s words.
‘It depends on the patient’s will to decide whether to go to the hospital or not. If he wakes up early, just let him decide it himself.’
Jasmine had paid the money when he was admitted to the hospital. If he went to a big hospital, Jasmine would have to spend some more money. Jasmine did not think for herself but he had to think for her.
“If there is no accident, he will probably wake up tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow at the latest,” The doctor replied.
Keith said to Jasmine, “It’s better to wait until he wakes up and see what he thinks, after all, you’re not his direct relative, so you better don’t make any trouble.”
Jasmine pursed her lips.
“You are a university student, how much savings do you have?” Keith continued to persuade.
Jasmine really did not have much money left and was persuaded by Keith, after all, she was not Boyce’s direct relative, so it was not good to make a decision for him. Luckily, he could wake up tomorrow. In this way, she could ask his opinion.
“The patient needs to be observed in the hospital for forty-eight hours, so you guys can proceed with the procedures for hospitalization,” The doctor said.
Jasmine said, “I’ll go now.”
“Wait, I’ll go, you just stay here.” Keith pulled her.
Jasmine did not want to bother him too much, but he was determined, so she said, “Thank you.”
Keith smiled at her gently, “You’re welcome.”
Soon, Boyce was sent into the ward. There were three other beds in the ward, all occupied by patients. There were also places for the companions to stay, changed clothes and boxed meals. They were put all over the place. The ward was not tidy. There was also a smell of disinfectant. Such a ward was already considered good here.
After all, the conditions were limited.
After the arrangements were made, Jasmine asked them to go back, “I’ll stay here alone, you all go back first, the students are still in school. We can’t leave them alone.”
“Let the headmaster go back, I’ll stay here with you,” Keith said.
Jasmine still felt bad, “You can go back. I can stay here alone. Furthermore, there was no place for you to rest.”
There was really no place here, he thought about it, “Then it’s okay, call me anytime if there is anything.”
Jasmine said, “Okay.”
Each bed was equipped with a chair, but there was no bed. Jasmine saw that the wound on Boyce’s head had been bandaged up but there was still dried blood on his neck that had not been cleaned up. She bought a basin and a towel. Then, she filled in some warm water in the basin and helped him to clean up his face and hands.
After that, she stayed in the ward and did not go out anymore.
She was not hungry at night. After she bought water, she continued to sit by his bedside to look after him.
In late midnight, she fell asleep by the side of the bed.
In the morning, the streets were quiet. The first rays of morning light broke through the clouds. It seemed to wake up the sleeping people. One by one, the streets were filled with people. The business of the breakfast hawkers became better.
Boyce slowly opened his eyes. All that came into his view was the unfamiliar environment.
#####Chapter 676 Is She in Love?
He had just opened his eyes and was not used to the light. He closed them and opened them again. It took a few iterations before he was completely awake. He remembered that he fell into a river. Then, he was almost hit by a small wooden boat. After that, he was beaten. He could still feel the pain at the back of his head when he thought about it now.
He moved his body. He tried to sit up to see his surroundings. He remembered that the man who knocked him was worrying that he would blackmail him, that was why he hit him. However, how could he take him to the hospital? It did not make sense.
He found that he was pressed when he tried to move his legs. He lowered his head and looked over. It was a familiar face.
‘Jasmine?’
‘Why is she here?’
Perhaps it was because he saw her out of the blue, so his heart was beating fast.
Jasmine also woke up slowly. She saw someone looking at her. She rubbed her eyes and said in surprise, “You’re awake?”
Boyce looked at her for a long time before he said, “You ... why are you here?”
“You fainted and were seen by my students, I brought you to the hospital, I shall be the one to ask you, why are you here?” Jasmine sat up and rubbed her arms which were numb as she pillowed them all night, “Does your head still hurt? Are you hungry?”
Boyce did not say anything. He just looked at her and gave an irrelevant answer, “Why did you quit school?”
Jasmine lowered her eyes, “I don’t want to study anymore.”
She used to work hard for her mother and to become a woman who could be a match for him, but then, her mother had passed away and after listening to Officer Miller’s words, she understood that she could not become someone who could help him no matter how hard she tried.
She did not know who else she could work for. She suddenly lost all motivation and direction in life.
After her bewilderment, she hoped that what she had learnt was not in vain, so she came to work as a teacher here. She did not charge any tuition fees. She had some savings that she saved before. While she was working as a teacher, she also worked part-time online, giving online lessons to middle and high school students to earn money, which she used to buy books and exercise books for her students, and partly to live on.
Although she was not very rich, she was good at calculating. She did not spend money indiscriminately. Furthermore, living expenses in the countryside were not that much. If she taught more classes, there would still be extra money.
“It’s a pity to give up on such a good university like that.” Boyce could not understand her thoughts.
Jasmine smiled, “You’re not my parent, just leave me alone, now what about you?”
After she left City B, she changed her phone card and even cut off all connections with the classmates she got along well with.
She thought that since she had decided to leave, she would leave anything.
She thought she would never see him again in her life.
“Your ...”
“Jasmine.” Keith walked in while carrying breakfast.
Keith was 21 years old, a sophomore, tall and thin, wearing a very casual white T-shirt, with white skin and full of vitality.
Boyce wanted to ask Jasmine to borrow him mobile phone so that he could call Matthew to inform him, but he was interrupted by Keith and then he forgot about it.
Seeing Keith bring breakfast to Jasmine and also seeing that he smiled tenderly at Jasmine, countless question marks were raised in his heart.
‘Who is this man?’
“Why do you come over so early?” Jasmine did not expect him to come to the hospital so early, how early did he have to get up to come here so early from the village?
Keith smiled, “Let me guess, you did not eat anything yesterday, am I right?”
Jasmine did not say anything.
“If you don’t say anything, then I have guessed correctly. Knowing that you will not eat properly, so I bring breakfast over early for you to eat.” Keith put the breakfast on the table. Seeing that Boyce had woken up, he said, “Hello.”
Boyce responded.
“I bought breakfast for you guys to eat, it won’t taste good when it gets cold later.” He opened the box of the breakfast he bought. There were congee and pan-fried buns. He handed the pan-fried buns to Jasmine, “This is delicious. When I was in high school in the county, I ate this every morning.”
Keith was a big sunny boy, clean and comfortable to look at, especially when he smiled, he was gentle and kind. Jasmine unconsciously raised the corner of her lips and said, “Thank you.”
Boyce looked at Jasmine’s smile at Keith and frowned.
“Don’t always say thank you to me.” Keith did not like her being detached from him.
‘The word thank you is as if she’s treating me like a stranger.’
Jasmine smiled lightly, “I won’t say anymore, have you eaten?”
“I ate when I bought it,” Keith replied.
Jasmine walked inside and handed the pan-fried bun to Boyce, “Keith said that this is delicious, try it.”
Originally, Boyce did not want to eat it and wanted her to eat it, but looking at Keith’s expression, he reached out and took one.  He was not sure of what the intention of this action was, but he had done it.
The pan-fried buns were filled with veggies, but the taste was really quite good, the bottom was fried until it was crispy, the skin was thin and there were a lot of fillings.
The filling was made with leeks, vermicelli and eggs. Shrimp skin was added too, giving it a fragrant flavour of leeks and the freshness of shrimp skin.
Jasmine opened the lid of the congee and brought it to him, “You’ll choke if you eat this, right? Eat it with the congee.”
Boyce looked at her and asked, “You have given everything for me to eat, what about you?”
Jasmine smiled and said, “I’m not hungry yet, if I am, I’ll go buy some, I’m not an injured person, I can walk around anytime.”
Boyce did not take it, “I don’t like congee, you eat it.”
Jasmine put the congee down, “I’ll pour you a glass of water ...”
“You don’t need to take care of me, eat the congee first.” Boyce interrupted her.
She suddenly realised that she was too enthusiastic and made him uncomfortable. She quickly withdrew her hands, held the congee and took a sip of it.
Boyce handed her the pan-fried bun, “You eat it.” Later, he explained, “I don’t have an appetite.”
“But how can you not eat?” Jasmine did not understand his intention and said, “You have to eat even if you don’t have an appetite.”
She took a pan-fried bun and handed it to his mouth. Boyce froze for a moment. Soon, Jasmine realized that her action was a bit inappropriate. When she was about to withdraw her hand, Boyce took it. In that process, he touched Jasmine’s hand accidentally. They withdrew their hands almost at the same time.
It was as if they had gotten an electric shock.
Keith could see that they seemed to know each other very well.
Moreover, Jasmine was very nice to him, so he took the initiative to say, “Jasmine, you must not have had a good night’s rest in the hospital, you shall go back to sleep after eating, I will stay here.”
“I don’t need someone to look after me.” Before Jasmine could say anything, Boyce spoke first. He swallowed the pan-fried bun that Jasmine handed over to him and lifted the blanket to get out of bed. Jasmine put down the congee and said, “You can’t get out of bed, the doctor said that you need to be observed for 48 hours.”
“It’s okay, I know my own body well.” Boyce insisted. He poured himself a glass of water and drank it.
“Do you want to leave? Let me call a taxi for you,” Keith said.
Boyce lifted his head and looked at Keith, who seemed to chase him away.
‘Why does he want to chase me away?’
Boyce looked at Jasmine.
‘Is it because of her?’
‘Is she in love?’
However, she said that she liked him, had she changed her mind so quickly?
He could not help but felt depressed.
“I can’t leave yet.” Boyce looked at Keith and said, “Her mother had entrusted me to take care of her. I have to know if she is living well now before I can leave without worrying.”
#####Chapter 677 I Like Her
Keith was confused in an instant. ‘What kind of relationship does he have with Jasmine? He has even met Jasmine’s mother?’ He thought to himself.
Since he had known Jasmine, Jasmine had never talked about her situation. She simply said that she had no more relatives. She didn’t say anything about the reason why her relatives were gone. He knew nothing about the specific situation.
At the moment, it seemed that Boyce knew everything.
Although they knew each other well, Boyce was not the same age as Jasmine and him.
Perhaps he was overthinking things.
Moreover, since he had met Jasmine’s mother before, he definitely knew Jasmine’s family well.
That way, he could understand Jasmine’s past.
“You are Jasmine’s friend. It is understandable that you want to understand her current living situation. However, the doctor said that your health condition should be observed for 48 hours so you cannot leave now.”
“I am fine. I am familiar with my own body.” Boyce didn’t seek Jasmine’s advice and made his decision.
Jasmine took a look at Keith and then looked at Boyce, “What are the two of you doing?”
“He is your friend. There is nothing wrong with him wanting to see where you live…”
“It is true that he is my friend, but…” Jasmine clearly didn’t want Boyce to intervene in her life again.
She didn’t want that to happen again.
‘It is already embarrassing enough.’
‘If I didn’t write the letter to him and didn’t confess my feelings, I don’t mind it. How am I going to face him in this situation?’
“Can’t I go and see where you live?” Boyce stood up, “Bring me there. I will have a look at it.”
Jasmine stood there motionless. Keith touched her arm, “Let’s go.”
Jasmine was unwilling to do it and looked at Boyce, “You are not my relative, so you don’t have the right to interfere with the quality of my life. Don’t use what my mother entrusted to you as a reason. She is already dead. You don’t need to keep the promise. Since you are fine, you should go back now. There should be many people who are worried about you.”
After she had finished her sentence, she pulled Keith’s hand, “We should go.”
Keith looked at her hand that was pulling his hand and froze. He totally forgot to react to the situation and didn’t struggle to break free. He could feel his accelerated heartbeat.
Boyce stood on the same spot. It seemed that he didn’t expect her to reject his request.
Looking at their backs that disappeared at the door, Boyce forgot about his current situation and didn’t know what he should do at that moment.
After they had walked out of the door, Jasmine let go of Keith’s hand and quickly walked away from the ward. Keith lowered his head, glanced at his hand that had been clutched by Jasmine and held it tightly. He chased after her, “Jasmine.”
“Why do you dislike him so much?”
Jasmine stopped in her tracks, turned around and looked at him, “Who says that I dislike him?”
“Since you don’t dislike him, why did you leave him, who is still an injured patient, in the hospital unattended?” Keith questioned.
Jasmine was instantly at a loss for words, ‘What he said is true. Boyce is an injured patient now. How could I leave him here unattended?’
She turned around and walked back. Keith continued to follow her, “Jasmine, are you going back?”
Keith noticed that his actions were contradictory. On the one hand he wanted Boyce to stay so that he could pry into Jasmine’s past out of him, but on the other hand he didn’t want Jasmine to keep in contact with Boyce.
“Since he and I know each other, it will be inappropriate for me to leave him here alone. It is better to wait for him to get better. I will then send him home.” After she had thought it through, Jasmine walked even more quickly.
After she had returned to the ward, she noticed that there was no one there.
‘Did he leave?’
“The doctor was making his rounds just now. He might have gone to the doctor’s office,” the patient who was staying beside Boyce said.
Jasmine nodded, turned around and walked out of the ward. Then, she walked towards the doctor’s office.
When she was near the office, she heard the doctor’s voice.
“You have injured your head. We have examined you, and as it stands now, your injuries are superficial. However, we cannot rule out the possibility of a concussion. You will need to go to a hospital that has good medical equipment for a check-up. Do you feel uncomfortable?”
Boyce answered, “No.”
“If you insist on being discharged, that is fine. You can go through the discharge process. If you have headaches, dizziness and nausea, you should go to a hospital for a check-up,” the doctor instructed.
Boyce said, “Sure.”
“Then, you can go through the discharge process now,” the doctor said. After he had thanked the doctor, Boyce exited the office.
Coincidentally, he saw Jasmine standing at the door. He froze for a moment, “Jasmine.”
With a smile on her face, Jasmine pretended to be calm and said, “We know each other, and you are still injured. If I leave you here unattended, I will have a guilty conscience. Since you want to be discharged, I will help you to go through the discharge process. You can sit here and wait. I will be back soon.”
After she had finished talking, she turned around and walked towards the department that handled the discharge process.
Boyce gazed at her back as if he was in a trance. Keith walked up to him and blocked his view, “Hi, how should I address you?”
Keith’s words made Boyce recollect himself. He said calmly, “Boyce.”
“Mr. Shawn, can I ask you something?” Keith said.
Boyce frowned. He didn’t like the way Keith had addressed him because it made him seem old. However, he didn’t say anything about it, “Go ahead and ask.”
Keith deliberated on his words and asked, “What kind of relationship do you have with Jasmine? Do the two of you know each other well? You seem to know a lot about her past. Can you tell me things about her past? Why are her relatives gone?”
Boyce was surprised and narrowed his eyes, “Don’t you know?”
‘Is it possible that I was overthinking things? This young man is not her boyfriend?”
Keith didn’t hide his feelings and said graciously, “I like her.”
#####Chapter 678 This Place Should Not Be Where You Belong
Keith sat on a row of chairs that was against the wall, rested his elbows on his knees and intertwined his fingers. He said very seriously, “I have liked her since I first met her. Later, I have known that she has come to the school in the village to become a teacher. She does not receive salary, but she buys books for the children. From then on, I know that she is a kind and good girl. After interacting with her, I am sure that she is a very kind and caring girl.”
After he had mentioned that, he paused for a while, “She is unwilling to mention a lot of things about her past. I really want to understand her. In the future, I want to become her relative, her dependence and a person who can take care of her.”
After hearing so much, Boyce was concerned about something, “The two of you…are in a relationship?”
“To be precise, I am currently courting her. You are her friend. You hope that she will be blissful, don’t you?” Keith stared at Boyce’s facial expression.
Although Keith was already very smart, he was not capable enough of getting information out of Boyce’s facial expression. 
For some reason, Boyce’s mind was inexplicably at ease when he heard that Keith was still courting Jasmine and they were not in a relationship.
Boyce was in good spirits, but his words showed no mercy towards Keith, “Of course I want her to be blissful. But you are still a university student. Can you support yourself? How are you going to take care of her?”
“I will graduate from my university a year from now. I will then have a job…”
“You should talk about this when you have graduated and have a job,” Boyce interrupted him mercilessly.
“As a friend, you should not say this. You should wish her well and approve of her finding happiness…”
At that moment, Jasmine had gone through the discharge process and walked towards them, “What are the two of you talking about?”
The corners of Boyce’s mouth quirked up. He said, “Nothing much. Can we go now?”
“Of course,” Jasmine said with a smile on her face.
Keith stood up and walked to the position beside Jasmine. He smiled and looked at Boyce, “You are our guest. We should entertain you. Let’s go.”
After he had finished speaking, he held Jasmine’s hand and walked in front of Boyce to lead the way.
Jasmine looked at him incredulously, “You…”
“Shh.” Keith leaned towards Jasmine and whispered, “You already held my hand just now, so I will hold your hand now.”
Jasmine was very uneasy, “I did it out of desperation…”
“No matter what situation you were in, you held my hand anyway. You must return the favor now.” Keith smiled.
Boyce stared at Keith’s hand that was holding Jasmine’s hand and felt vexed. He kept on thinking, ‘Why didn’t Jasmine push him away?’
‘Is it possible that Jasmine has a crush on him?’
‘What is so good about that young man?’
‘What kind of gaze is she having?’
The more he thought about it, the unhappier he became. He was getting more and more annoyed.
He quickly walked forward and yanked Jasmine’s hand away. Jasmine was surprised and looked at him, “You…”
Boyce pretended to be calm and said, “If the two of you want to walk, the two of you should walk properly. The two of you are occupying a lot of space in the hallway if the two of you are holding hands. That way, how can others walk?”
After he had finished talking, he strode in front of them.
Keith clasped his hands. When Boyce didn’t approve of him courting Jasmine, he suspected that Boyce had a crush on Jasmine. Boyce’s actions at that moment indicated that he clearly had feelings for Jasmine.
‘He is much older than Jasmine. If I am unsuitable for Jasmine, he will be even more unsuitable for Jasmine. How can he lack so much self-awareness?’
“Let’s go.” Boyce noticed that they didn’t follow him. He turned around and said to them.
As Jasmine blinked her eyes, her long eyelashes fluttered. She lowered her gaze, walked up to him and walked beside him.
Keith was unwilling to be outdone and walked beside Jasmine. The hallway was originally not wide. Since they walked side by side, they occupied all the space in the hallway.
After they had walked out of the hospital, Jasmine walked forward and wanted to hail a taxi. Since there were many taxis in front of the hospital, it was easy to stop a taxi. Keith wanted to perform well in front of Jasmine, pulled her aside and said, “I will go and hail a taxi.”
Jasmine replied, “There is no need for that.”
She didn’t want to cause trouble for others.
“You are a girl. Don’t always be dominant. Don’t always be so courteous to me. We are already so familiar with each other.” Keith grinned playfully.
She thought that she would seem pretentious if she declined again. She nodded, “Sorry for the trouble.”
“It is no trouble.” Keith walked to the roadside, stopped a taxi and asked about the fare. After he had decided that the fare was reasonable, he called Jasmine and Boyce over, politely opened the front door and said to Jasmine, “Your friend should sit on the front passenger seat. He has injuries. If we sit with him, we might knock into him, and as a result, his injuries might worsen.”
Jasmine thought that what he had said made sense. When she was about to agree with him, Boyce spoke, “I am not so delicate. These small injuries mean nothing to me.”
After he had finished talking, he pulled Jasmine down on to the back seats.
Keith didn’t say anything.
Boyce and Jasmine were sitting on the back seats. If he sat on the back seat, it would be a tight squeeze. He could only sit on the front passenger seat.
During the journey, Keith looked back from time to time. Boyce didn’t say anything and only looked out the window.
After the taxi had travelled half of the distance, Boyce suddenly asked, “Is this place far from City B?”
“It is not very far away. The distance is around one hundred kilometers,” Jasmine answered.
Boyce nodded.
Half an hour later, the car stopped at the entrance of the village. Jasmine wanted to pay the driver, but Keith didn’t let her, “Let me pay.”
Jasmine decisively refused, “You don’t have a lot of money. A few days later, you will return to school. You will need to pay for your expenses. I had a lot of online classes last month, so I have extra money now.”
While speaking, she paid the driver.
Boyce had nothing except for a set of dirty clothes. When the two of them were insisting on paying the driver, he could only watch from the sidelines.
He was the oldest of the three of them. At the moment, he was the poorest and the least capable of having a say in the matter.
“Let’s go,” Jasmine said to Boyce.
Boyce nodded.
There were no paved roads in the village. All of the roads were dirt roads. It was still very easy to walk on if it was not raining.
Jasmine pointed at a school that was in front of them, “That is the school in the village. I am a teacher in the school.”
Boyce looked in the direction pointed by Jasmine and saw a cluster of tile-roofed buildings. There were six or seven of them. There was even a field at the entrance.
It should be recess time. There were a lot of students.
“Teacher Jasmine! Teacher Keith!” A sharp-eyed student saw them and shouted loudly. Soon, a few children who could run fast ran up to them.
Jasmine pointed at Chris and said to Boyce, “He found you that time.”
Chris scratched his head and smiled, “I thought that you were dead.”
“I have learned something from television. If you want to check whether a person is dead, you need to touch his nose. You definitely didn’t touch his nose,” a student said.
Chris suddenly realized that he should have done that, “That is true. Next time, I must first touch his nose to check whether he is breathing.”
“All of you are so silly.” Jasmine wiped their sweat, “There are not that many dead people for you to touch their noses. Go back and attend the lessons.”
“We want to attend Teacher Jasmine’s lessons. Are you giving us lessons today?” Chris and two other students looked at her eagerly.
Jasmine gave it some thought, “Later. When I am free, I will come over here. You can first ask Teacher Keith to give all of you lessons.”
Keith was unhappy with the idea, ‘If I go and give them lessons, isn’t Boyce going to spend time with Jasmine without me?’
That man seemed to have feelings for Jasmine, but sometimes, he looked very serious. It confused Keith. Keith could not figure out whether Boyce had feelings for Jasmine.
In his mind, he still rejected the idea of the two of them being together.
“Then, the principal can first give them lessons. Your friend is still wearing dirty clothes. He has almost the same height as me. I will go and take a set of my clothes for him to change.”
Jasmine nodded, “Sorry to trouble you.”
She didn’t know why she forgot that Boyce was still wearing dirty clothes. He definitely felt uncomfortable wearing them.
“You go home and take the clothes. We will first go back,” Jasmine said.
Keith nodded.
At that moment, the school bell rang. The children ran back to school.
Jasmine brought Boyce to her house. There were two rooms that had cement floors. In the outer room, there was a gas stove. She could cook meals using the stove. There were also a folding table, two stools and a bookshelf that was against the wall. Although there was only a limited variety of furniture, everything was clean and tidy.
In the inner room, there was a bed. Beside the window, there were a study desk and a computer. In the back of the room, a shower curtain was hung there. A small water heater was installed behind the curtain. It was the shower area.
“Although this house is simple, I am living a stable life here.” Jasmine stood by the door.
Although there were two rooms, one could see everything in a glance.
Boyce pursed his lips. The facilities were basic. If she continued her studies, she would have a bright future ahead of her.
He turned around and looked at Jasmine, “Jasmine, you are still very young and have a bright future ahead. This place should not be where you belong.”
#####Chapter 679 Don’t Marry Someone Else 
Jasmine answered casually, “What’s the meaning of the future to me if I lost the one I love? Will I be able to have a happy life despite graduated university and having a good job?” 
Boyce looked up at Jasmine. The sunlight shone from her back and she looked like a silhouette picture standing by the door.
He couldn’t see her expression. All he saw was a slim figure in front of him. 
“Do you want to spend the rest of your life here?” he asked, clenching his fists. 
Jasmine turned her body, facing him with her back, sat beside the door, and looked afar, “I’m not sure, perhaps I will marry someone and leave…”
“Who will you marry to?” Boyce interrupted suddenly. 
‘She’s getting married? To whom? That guy?’
“Don’t get married.” He was stunned by his own words, what right did he have to stop her?
“I mean…” he tried to look for an excuse, “I mean you are still young.” 
“I know, thank you for your concern, I’ll make my decision.” Jasmine rested her chin on her hands, “This is a good place, people here are nice and pure, it’s a peaceful place.” 
Boyce was speechless. 
“Will you get married?” Jasmine asked. 
Boyce couldn’t see her face, just her back. “Yes,” he answered honestly. 
Jasmine knew Boyce couldn't be single for life, he was such a good man that women liked. If he wasn’t this naïve in a romantic relationship, he could have been a husband or a father now. It pained her thinking about him getting married. 
She wiped her tear off while she stroke her hair and asked in a low voice, “Not bad, with Wendy?” 
Boyce lowered his gaze and said yes. 
Jasmine clasped her hands, suppressing her tears, and then said in a calm voice, “That’s good, she has a good family background, pretty and about your age, she can even help with your career, both of you are a couple made in heaven, you’ll be happy.” 
‘Happy?’ Boyce thought he was far from this word, he did not know the meaning of it. 
“Do you think I’ll be happy?” Boyce asked. 
Jasmine turned to him, “Are you showing off your happiness to me?” 
‘He said he will marry Wendy but asked if he will be happy?” 
Boyce smiled helplessly, "Do you think I'm showing off?" he continued, "Jasmine, I…" 
'I'm not happy, it wasn’t loved that brought Wendy and him together,' he wanted to say this. 
But their conversation was interrupted by a small kid.
“Ms. Burke…” A boy ran over. 
“What happens, Kirk Lester?” Kirk Lester was a second-grade student.
“Chris fell and hurt his leg, he’s bleeding.” 
“Where is he now?” Jasmine stood up at once. 
“In the classroom.” 
Jasmine hurried to the classroom. Chris was inside with his knee bleeding. Jasmine walked over and was startled by the opened wound on his knee. 
“How did it happen?” Jasmine asked as she knelt. 
“I fell on a rock during chicken fight game.” Chris was good academically but he was also mischievous. The chicken fight he mentioned was not fighting with real chicken but a kind of game the students played. 
It could be individual or team where the player hopped around on one-foot tuck up using hands and try to knock their opponent over with the knee, the one that fell, or let go of the tucked leg lost.
It was a favorite game amongst the boys.
"Kirk, please bring my first aid kit." She prepared some basic medicine and medical tools at home knowing that the boys were naughty. 
Kirk dashed out while Boyce followed and stopped at the window, looking inside. 
The classroom was simple, the red paint on the desk was faded, and the floor was built with bricks. There was a huge blackboard at the front with a small wooden desk, the chalks and duster were neatly lined up. 
Some kid decorated the room using a plastic bottle that was cut in half as a flower vase and put it on the front desk. 
Though simple, it was harmonious. 
Kirk came back with the first aid kit, Jasmine took out the betadine and cotton bud but seemed afraid to apply on Chris’s knee as she didn’t want him to feel pain. But the weather was hot, the wound could be worsened if it was left unattended. 
“It might be painful, but hang in there.” 
“Will you leave us, Ms. Burke? We don’t want you to go,” Chris said, sobbing. 
“Who said I’m leaving?” Jasmine frowned. 
“Mr. Weeks said you are a prestigious university student and are more talented than he is, it will be a waste if you stay here.” Chris asked while sobbing, “Ms. Burke, will you leave?” 
“He’s lying. I’m going to start now, be a man and stay strong.” Jasmine poured some betadine onto the cotton bud and began to clean his wound. 
Chris raised his head, looked away from his knee, and divert his attention by speaking to Jasmine, “Ms. Burke, who’s the man you saved? Are you close to him? You were anxious and almost cried, it was also the first time you raise your voice on me.” 
Boyce’s gaze on Jasmine darkened, he was too looking forward to Jasmine’s answer. 
“He… He’s someone I know, like a friend. I’m sorry, I won’t raise my voice at you again in the future.” Jasmine focused on cleaning his wound. 
Boyce was disappointed slightly, she mentioned that they were ‘like a friend’, so he was merely a friend?
‘Who am I to her? A stranger?’ Boyce felt complicated.'
“If you aren’t close, why do you care so much about him?” Chris asked. 
“You asked too much as a young boy,” Jasmine frowned. 
“Please tell me, I’m injured.” Chris looked at her, smiling. 
“Something beyond my control, understand?” she said. 
Her status did not match him. Her father was a gambler, her mother was a murderer while Boyce was a police officer with a high position. 
Her appearance will only affect him negatively. 
She thought she could help him if she worked hard, but it was a joke. 
He was already successful, but she needed another ten years to keep up with his pace. 
Help? Only someone with clean and powerful background could help him. 
“What does that mean?” Chris asked, he didn’t understand that. 
Jasmine looked at him, “It means something that one cannot control.” 
Like how she couldn’t control her birth family.
“If one can’t control something related to oneself, who controls it?” Chris was curious. 
Jasmine touched his head, smiling, “You’ll understand when you are older.” 
“I think talking can divert my attention, I don’t feel pain at all.” 
“That’s because I’m not touching your wound…” 
“Ouch!” 
Jasmine cleaned the dust off his wound and wrapped it as she spoke. 
“Stay still.” She reminded. 
Chris nodded. 
Jasmine saw Keith standing at the door as she came back with the first aid kit, “Have you brought the clothes?”
Keith nodded. “He’s taking a shower, let’s have a seat outside.” 
“Okay,” Jasmine said. 
There was a huge tree beside the window and a cement chair down the tree. They sat side by side under the tree. 
Boyce came out after the shower and saw them from the window. He frowned as he saw Jasmine and Keith sitting next to each other, he disliked it when Keith got close to Jasmine. 
He went out and wanted to call for Jasmine…
#####Chapter 680 I Fell for Him First
“Jasmine, your friend like you, don’t he?” Keith said. 
Boyce was startled and curious at the same time as to why did he ask. 
Jasmine was shocked, “What nonsense are you talking about?” 
“He borrowed my mobile when I sent the clothes. I think he called his family telling them he’s doing fine. Does he plan to stay here? And…” He turned to Jasmine, “When I said I like you, he disapproved, if he really does wants the best for you, doesn’t he wants someone to take care of you?” 
“Maybe he thinks we are not suitable to each other, you overthink,” Jasmine said. 
She stood up wanted to walk away but was stopped by Keith, “I mean it when I said I like you.” 
Jasmine was all blank and at loss for a word with this sudden confession. 
“Jasmine, you are an orphan, but I can be your family. There won’t be any pressure on you being my family, no one will say anything…”
“Please stop it, I have no intention of getting into a relationship now,” Jasmine rejected. 
“We are about the same age and our family background matches, please do consider…” 
A sudden glass breaking sound from the house interrupted them. Jasmine struggled loose from Keith and ran towards the house. She saw Boyce standing in front of the desk with broken glass on the floor. 
She dashed up to check Boyce’s hand, “Are you hurt?” 
Boyce pressed his lips and watched Jasmine in silence. 
Jasmine looked up and saw Boyce looking at her with a complicated gaze. She realized she was holding his hand and released them immediately, “You have injuries and I scare that you hurt yourself again…” 
“You said you like me.” Boyce interrupted her. 
Keith froze at the door. 
‘Jasmine likes him?’
‘Jasmine likes him?’
The sentence kept repeating in his mind. 
‘Of course, she looks so concern seeing him injured, it’s not something a casual friend will do. She stayed and took care of him at the hospital, she truly cares for him.’
He turned and walked away. 
“I was just joking.” Jasmine defended. 
She confessed knowing that they won’t see each other again, but now that he was in front of her, she did not dare to admit it. 
“If I take it seriously?” After hearing Keith’s question ‘Does your friend like you?’ Boyce questioned himself why did he feel uncomfortable seeing another man next to Jasmine. 
She said she might get married but he didn’t want her to marry any other man.
Why did he not want her to be with another man? 
Perhaps, because he liked her, that was why he didn’t want her to be with any other man or marry someone else. 
On the other hand, Armand was thrilled to receive a call from Boyce. He told Matthew first and intended to tell Officer Miller, so they could stop worrying. 
While he was about to knock on Officer Miller’s door, he heard Mrs Miller said, “It’s been three days, is he still alive?” 
No one answered her. 
“It’s good that Wendy hasn’t married him, it would be a disaster if she had,” she continued. 
‘She’s been divorced once and who would want to marry her if her husband died?’
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Officer Miller scolded. 
“Am I wrong? Can he still be alive after being gone for so long?” Mrs. Miller defended, “It’s good that not many know about Wendy and him. Guess they are not meant to be together, he died, just like this.” 
“Stop the crap! Died?” Officer Miller staring at her wife, infuriated, “Go back home, don’t give me more trouble!” 
“Look at you, you want him to be your son-in-law, but failed. A staff is more important than your daughter? Look at your angry face!” 
“That’s enough!” Wendy who had been quiet yelled, “Stop all this crap, we need to keep looking, I want to see him, dead or alive.” 
Armand quickly hid himself hearing that they were about to come out. 
He disliked Wendy and now that he heard Mrs. Miller, he doubted even more, ‘What kind of woman she is?’ he thought. ‘Boyce will suffer if he becomes her son-in-law.’
He thought, ‘Boyce said he is fine now, so there’s no need to hurry back, if Wendy loves him, she could wait for a couple of months.’ 
He took out his mobile and called back the number that he received just now. 
In the house. 
Boyce realized he acted rather rushed, “Jasmine, I’m way older than you, I…” 
“I don’t mind.” Jasmine looked up, her eyes reddened. 
Age was not a matter to her, his attitude did. 
“You know my family background, don’t you mind?” 
“Boyce, there’s a call for you.” Keith appeared at the door with the mobile. 
Jasmine turned her body and walked into the house, she didn’t want anyone to see her like this. 
Boyce took the phone and answered it, “Hello?”
“It’s me, Boyce, don’t come back now,” Armand said. 
“Why?” Boyce couldn’t understand. “Have you told Matthew that Declan is released? I will go back tomorrow.” 
Declan was released and could cause a lot of problems. He needed to go back and help Matthew whenever needed. 
“Matthew had taken care of Declan. Listen to me, don’t come back, for now, stay where you are for two months.” Wendy could wait for two months if she truly loved him. 
“Why?” Boyce was in doubt. 
“Listen to me, I won’t harm you,” Armand said. 
Boyce was confused, didn’t know what he was up to. But he felt better knowing that Declan had been taken care of. 
He returned the mobile to Keith, “Thank you.” 
“It’s okay,” Keith replied weakly. 
He wanted to walk away but changed his mind and turned to Boyce, “You said I’m not suitable for Jasmine, do you think you are? You are much older and have been working, she was just a university…” 
“I fell for him first, what’s the problem with his age?” Jasmine said.
#####Chapter 681 Are You Jealous That He Likes Me 
Keith was speechless. There was nothing he could say against what Jasmine said. 
He walked away, biting his lips. 
Jasmine went into the room and sat beside the bed. 
Boyce came in and closed the door. He stood at the door for quite a while before sitting next to her on the bed. He kept a distance between them and remained silent. 
The night was falling and the house was getting dimmer. 
“Jasmine…” 
“Mr. Shawn...” 
They called each other at the same time and stopped at the same time. 
“Call me Boyce,” Boyce said. 
Jasmine smiled, “I almost forgot you are promoted. You must be hungry, let me prepare you dinner.” 
She stood up as she spoke and went to the kitchen. Boyce pulled her hand as she walked by. 
Jasmine turned and met his gaze; the room was lightened up by the sunset. 
"Do you not mind my age…”
"I won't mind if you don't mind be being an orphan." Jasmine interrupted. 
Boyce had never cared about that, his only concern was his age. 
"I won't mind about that, I know you are a kind girl."
Jasmine lowered her head, blushing happily. Her other hand gripped tight on her shirt, "Do you like me too?" 
Boyce was silent for a moment and said, "I suppose."
Jasmine was speechless. Boyce sounded awkward but she believed him. 
“Are you hungry?” Jasmine looked up at him, smiling. 
“A little,” Boyce said. 
Jasmine found it funny and asked, “Do you plan to keep holding my hand?” 
Realizing his behavior was inappropriate, Boyce immediately let go of her. Jasmine then held his hand, “I like to be hold by you, but I don’t want you to be hungry, I’m going to prepare dinner, have some rest here,” she explained as she let go of Boyce and walked out. 
Boyce smiled as he looked at the hand held by Jasmine earlier. He walked out and watched Jasmine working in the kitchen. She was chopping potatoes, “The principal grew this, look at the size.” 
Boyce nodded. 
Jasmine looked at him. He looked handsome and gentle with his delicate features despite his head was wrapped up. 
“You look good wearing like this,” Jasmine smiled. 
Boyce looked at his clothes that belonged to Keith, it fitted him well. 
“Let’s go out and get you some changing clothes tomorrow.” Jasmine wanted to buy some meat for him, he was injured, he needed nutrients. 
“Buy new clothes and return them to the friend that likes you,” Boyce continued, “I will pay you back when we get back.” 
He didn’t want to owe his ‘rival’ anything.
Jasmine took a washed tomato and gave it to him, “Are you jealous that he likes me?” 
“I don’t like him being close to you,” Boyce said with a stern voice. 
Despite being stern and not uttering sweet words, Jasmine thought he looked cute, like a boy in love. 
“I’ll keep my distance if you don’t like it,” Jasmine said as she put the potato into a bowl and soaked it with water.
She then took out some peppers and asked, “Do you like spicy food?” 
“Yes. This tomato is sweet.” Boyce looked at the tomato in his hand, the skin was a little greenish but was sweet to taste. 
Jasmine smiled, “You can’t get tomato like this in the city, this is how a ripe tomato looks like, the one at the mall looks red on the outside but green inside.” 
Boyce hardly cook and had never paid attention to how a tomato looked like, but he believed Jasmine. 
“Do you want a bite?” Boyce asked as he took a bite. 
Jasmine was chopping up the pepper, “This…” 
She then saw the tomato near her mouth, he turned it to the side where he had not bitten, Jasmine looked up. 
“This side is clean,” Boyce said, smiling. 
Jasmine bit her lips and began sobbing. It was not something touching but she turned emotional. 
She didn’t know why she wanted to cry, was it because this love appeared out of a sudden? Or perhaps because she had been suppressing her emotion so long and finally bore fruit?
She couldn’t explain her feeling now, tears kept rolling down her cheeks. 
Boyce put down the tomato and wiped off her tears, “Don’t cry, I’ll take care of you from now on.” 
What he said made Jasmine cried harder. 
“Did I say something wrong?” Boyce was nervous. 
Jasmine shook her head, sobbing, “No, I thought of my mom,” she wiped her tears as she spoke. 
Boyce wanted to comfort her but found no words, he wanted to hug her but was afraid that would frighten her. 
As he was thinking about what to do, Jasmine approached and wrapped her arms around his waist. She buried her face in his arms and continued sobbing. 
Boyce froze for a few seconds before stretching his arms and embraced her. He was sad to see Jasmine cried and saddened by what she had been through. 
“Why did you leave? I’ll go back with you. You disappeared suddenly, I went searching for you in your hometown, but couldn’t find you, I was worried.”
“You’ve been to my hometown?” Jasmine raised her head. 
Boyce nodded. 
“But how did you know where my hometown is?” Jasmine looked at him with her eyes widened, slightly shocked. 
“Have you forgotten about my job? It’s not that hard to find out your address.” 
‘Oh yes, mom had a criminal record, he can easily find out about their information.’
“If we are together, will it affect your…” 
“No.” Boyce cut her off. 
“I can’t help you much on your career, I don’t have a powerful background, I’m someone with nothing,” Jasmine said disappointedly. 
Boyce wanted to achieve higher in his career but he didn’t want to depend on anyone. 
“You don’t trust me?” Boyce stroke her head, “Aren’t you tired thinking about all this at such a young age?” 
“I trust you,” Jasmine nodded as hard as she could. 
She felt much better after saying everything she had been hiding in her heart, it was an hour later after dinner was ready. 
It was a simple meal, potatoes, some beans, and pickled cabbage made by a student’s grandma. She cooked some corn and rice too. 
“Try this corn, it’s delicious,” Jasmine said as she handed him an ear of corn. 
Boyce took it and looked at Jasmine, “Jasmine, there’s something I need to tell you.”
#####Chapter 682 Let’s Share a Bed
Jasmine looked at Boyce who put up a stern face, she skipped a heartbeat, “What?” 
Boyce didn’t want to hide anything from her, “I promised to be Wendy’s boyfriend…” he explained, “I don’t like her.” 
Jasmine picked up some food, put it into her mouth, and asked, “What are you trying to tell me?” 
Boyce put down the corn in his hand and held Jasmine’s hand, looking at her, “I don’t want to keep it from you, I need to go back to sort things out and will come to fetch you once everything is settled. I wish that you could continue your study, you could definitely help others once you’ve graduated. It’s not easy to get into a good university, lots of people don’t get the chance, you should appreciate it.” 
He didn’t plan to bring Jasmine with him this time as he didn’t know what Wendy might do to her. So he wanted to come to fetch her once everything was settled.
She would be safer staying here for the moment. 
Jasmine put down her cutleries, walked over and sat on his laps, and wrapped her arms around his neck, “I’ll listen to you.”
Boyce’s honesty touched her heart and made her appreciate him more. 
She hugged him tight, “You are my family from now on, my dearest one.” 
Boyce raised his hands and froze for a few seconds in the air before began patting her back. 
Jasmine rested her chin on his shoulder and whispered to his ears, “I’m so deeply in love with you.” 
Her warm breath fell onto his ears and made him stiffened. This was the sensitive zone for both women and men. He kept frozen. 
Jasmine realized something strange and asked, “Did I hurt your wounds?”
“No,” Boyce said in a husky voice. 
She let go of her hands and saw Boyce’s blushing face as if he was drunken. 
“You…” Jasmine wanted to ask if he was feeling unwell because of his reddened face, but she realized his body was stiffened because he was too close to her. 
She wanted to laugh. ‘He is in his thirties and is so shy.’
She then deliberately tightened her hug and pressed her body against his, smiling, “We have only one bed, how are we going to sleep at night?” 
He remained frozen and replied with a low voice, “I’ll sleep on the floor.” 
“It’s cold on the floor, it’s bad for your body,” Jasmine teased. 
Boyce remained silent. 
He felt that all his blood was driven to a single spot in his body, he was about to explode but remained still. “Jasmine, let’s have dinner.” 
Jasmine tightened her hug instead, “I want to hug you, don’t you like my hug?” 
Boyce swallowed his saliva, “I like it, but you are still young…” 
“I’m not young, I’m an adult.” Jasmine’s lips were close to his neck, she found out that she was head over heels for him. He was such a gentleman, if it was another man, they would have taken action by now. 
She wasn’t proud of her charm but who would reject a free lunch? 
Boyce closed his eyes, suppressing his desire the hardest he could. 
Jasmine kept holding onto him, “You haven’t answered me yet, there’s only a single bed, and it’s too cold to sleep on the floor, I won’t let you. Do you want to share a bed with me?”
#####Chapter 683 I Can Provide for You 
Boyce was wheezing with heavy breaths, “You have nothing to worry about. Before our marriage, I won’t do anything to hurt you.”
Even if they lay in the same bed, he wouldn’t touch her anywhere. 
He felt some form of pressure in his heart as well. He always felt that Jasmine was too young, and if he did anything to her, it would make him as though a “rapist”. He would feel guilty. 
Jasmine didn’t continue to tease him. She felt that he was really a rare gem whom she had to treasure. She got up from Boyce’s arms and seated herself opposite to resume the dinner. She picked up some dishes and put it in his plate, “Whatever you like to eat, I will make them for you.”
All of a sudden, Boyce felt like he was back at home. As a single man for a long time, the prospect of someone caring for him was attractive, and it was something precious to him. 
He shoved the mashed potatoes which Jasmine had put into his plate into his mouth. 
After dinner, Jasmine began to put back those cutleries, “If you can’t fall asleep, you should have it easy outside.”
Boyce shook his head as he followed her around and watched her wash those plates. 
Jasmine glanced at him, “What’s there to watch here?”
“I want to learn this. Then I can help you do it later on.” Boyce said with a solemn tone.
Jasmine simply laughed.
“Ms. Burke, Ms. Burke.” Kirk came over with a watermelon in tow, “Grandpa wants me to give you this.” He saw Boyce, and then he added, “You guys can eat together.”
Jasmine put down the dishes, washed her hands and took over the watermelon. She placed it on the desk, “Help me to say thanks to grandpa.”
“My grandpa says you’re welcome. He told me that you’re a good person, Ms. Burke. You have given me a lot of learning tools. This watermelon is nothing.” Kirk said while smiling, and when he grinned, his shiny white teeth formed a stark contrast to his tanned skin, “I’ll be going now so that I won’t bother you.” 
After saying that, he marched out of the house.
Jasmine looked at the watermelon on the table, and a kind of loneliness seeped into her eyes, “I will be missing them.”
She was afraid that no one would come take her place to teach those student once she was gone. Keith was not going to be here long term, and due to the poor condition here, not many would come here to be a teacher. She feared for those children’s future. They were innocent, kind, and they deserved to have a bright future. And the only way to reach that future was by education.
Boyce reached out and caressed her face. He could see through what she was thinking as he announced, “Leave everything to me.”
Jasmine looked up at him and asked with her eyes widened, “Do you have any solution?”
Boyce let out a vague sound of approval.
“You’re really great.” Jasmine tiptoed and wrapped her arms around his neck and she pecked at his cheeks.
After that kiss, she quickly let go and continued washing those remaining dishes. Her head was lowered, and she felt a subtle sweetness spreading in her heart.
At the same time, Boyce was standing rooted to the ground, as if he was still savoring the warmth of that fleeting kiss.
After finishing up with the washing, Jasmine stuffed the watermelon into a wooden bucket which was filled to the brim with well water, “The water from the well is cool. It can make the watermelon more refreshed, and we can eat it later.”
After saying that, she raised her head and looked at him, “I am going to take a bath.”
Boyce immediately replied, “I will be out there.”
After saying that, he shut the door as he left the room.
Jasmine didn’t move an inch, and the corners of her lips were raised.
Boyce took a seat on a stony bench under the tree. A soothing breeze was in the air, so he didn’t feel stuffy.
He was figuring out a way to spill this to Wendy so that he wouldn’t hurt her.
After all, he was the one who went back on his words. 
“Can I sit down here?” 
Boyce looked up to see Keith walking towards him. He approved, “Just sit down.”
Keith sat down on the other end of the bench. 
He was gazing at the endless starry night sky when he asked, “Will you be together with her?”
Boyce gave a vague response under his breath. 
Keith was a little down, “How I wish that you never appeared. Perhaps she would accept me. She is the first girl that I love.” 
Boyce didn’t say anything to that.
It was pointless to debate over something so hypothetical. 
In the end, he appeared, and he was able to look at himself earnestly and affirmed his feelings. 
“What do you do? Will you be able to take good care of her in the future?” Keith suddenly felt anxious about Jasmine’s future life with this man. 
Boyce’s curiosity was piqued, “Why are you interested in that?”
“You said that since I am not working, I can’t give her a good life. What about you? Can you give her a good life?” Keith refuted with a vehement tone. 
Since he was criticized before, he finally got his chance to have a few words with Boyce now.
Boyce simply felt that this guy was a little childish, “I can’t promise her a life of luxury, but I am for sure be able to provide for her.”
“Are you trying to fool me? Your answer is too vague. You can provide for someone even if both of you are living in poverty too. If you can’t give her a quality life, then what difference is there between you and me? The reason you don’t want to tell me your job is it because you are embarrassed?” Keith’s tone grew sharper as he rambled on.
He still had some frustration in his heart, so he was venting it out on Boyce.
Boyce simply stared at him without any trace of emotion, and just as he was about to retort, the door opened Jasmine appeared dressed in her pajamas. She had washed her hair, but she didn’t blow dry it yet with how those hair were glistening with moisture. She had overhead what Keith had said despite being in the house just now.
She didn’t like the fact that Boyce was getting interrogated here.
“He is the deputy director of the Public Safety Bureau. Do you think his position is good enough?” Jasmine’s expression was very cold.
She respected Keith and saw him as a friend, but she couldn’t stand it if he was going to speak to Boyce in such a manner.
Putting aside the fact that Boyce was someone distinguished, even if he was a nobody, she still wouldn’t tolerate anyone badmouthing him.
In her eyes, everything about Boyce was nothing short of amazing.
#####Chapter 684 What you Said Are All Correct
Keith was dumbfounded as he stared at Jasmine. He found it hard to believe that Jasmine would have such a huge reaction. He quickly explained, “I—I don’t mean anything else, I am just afraid that you won’t be happy if you are together with him…”
“Then, do you really think that happiness can be attained by using money?” Jasmine cut him off with a witty and sharp reply.
Keith protested indignantly, “It was Mr. Shawn here who told me that without a stable job, I won’t be able to bring you into a good life. That is the reason I was probing him about this.”
He no longer addressed Boyce familiarly. 
He no doubt felt that Boyce had taken away his opportunity. 
If Boyce never appeared, he would have stood a chance.
Jasmine looked at Boyce wordlessly but her expression indicated that she was trying to validate what Keith had just claimed. 
Boyce coughed lightly as he admitted truthfully since he was not someone who would run away from his deeds, “I did say that.”
Jasmine hooked her arm around his, “What you just said, they were all correct.”
Keith didn’t know what to say for a moment.
His eyes widened as he tried to comprehend what was going on. 
“Jasmine, you are being unfair here. Why is he the one who’s always correct while I’m wrong? You are being too petty.”
“He is my boyfriend, and I like everything about him. Even if there is something wrong with him, I will still think that he’s right. Do you have any problem with what I said?” Jasmine knew that she was blatantly “biased” here, but all she wanted to do was to protect her man.
This was because Boyce belonged to her.
She really loved and cherished him.
“Jasmine, you’ve changed. You were never this unreasonable in the past.” Keith found himself getting harder and harder in his understanding of her.
She used to be someone mellow and kind, but why did she turn out like this?
Could it be that love had turned her into someone who didn’t know reason anymore?
“No matter how great your love is for someone, you can’t discard your real self. As time goes on, he will look down on you and then his love will turn to resentment and in the end he will abandon you.” Keith was worried that Jasmine would get hurt. She was in a very belittled position in their relationship, and with the passage of time, she would slowly get the cold shoulder from Boyce. 
Jasmine picked up Boyce’s palm and intertwined her fingers with his. She knew that Boyce wasn’t an irresponsible person, and she believed him fully as well as her own judgment. 
“If I never have feelings, I won’t even consider putting in any effort, but if I fully love him, I will give him everything that I have. Even if time proves that I am wrong about him and I get hurt, I will be okay with it too.” Jasmine was gazing up at Boyce intently, but her words were directed at Keith.
Keith felt incredulous after hearing Jasmin’s logic. Why didn’t she try to do the best prevention? ‘Why did she have to succumb fully to her feelings? Why didn’t she give herself some leeway in case something went wrong?’ 
“You fool. People used to say that a woman who is madly in love has zero intelligence. I can finally prove that with my own eyes.” He turned around to leave after leaving that sentence, but he stopped short after taking a few steps. He turned to look at Boyce and warned him, “Be good to her. If you don’t treat her well, I won’t hold back on you. Your position won’t do you any good. I will punch you no matter the circumstances!”
After proclaiming that, he marched away. 
Boyce called out to him, “I won’t give you a chance to punch me.”
Keith momentarily froze in his steps, but he didn’t turn around anymore and he didn’t answer Boyce. He marched forward once again, and his somewhat lonely silhouette gradually disappeared into the night. 
Jasmine let out a sigh, “I actually don’t know whether I will regret this. I have pushed away someone who cares so much about me.”
Boyce raised his brows and tilted his head at her, “You are regretting now?”
Jasmine replied solemnly, “A little.”
Boyce bit his lips as a sense of discomfort crept up to him. Was he that unreliable?
Jasmine secretly observed the slight changes in his expression with the help of moonlight and she found that he actually believed her words.
She let out another sigh, “You are not fun at all. I think I am regretting falling for you.” After saying that, she let go of his hand and turned to return to the house.
Boyce chased after her and grabbed her wrist and pulled her whole body into his embrace. “How can you regret your own decision? You can’t be someone who eats her own words.”
Jasmine was hugged too tightly by him to the point that she was beginning to catch he breath. Her legs were dangled in mid-air, and with her face facing his, she deliberately put her lips near his chin, “I am indeed regretting things now. What are you going to do about it?”
#####Chapter 685 Do you Feel Hot?
Boyce’s depthless eyes resembled those of a deep well, and he was frozen as he looked into the eyes of this girl. Her face was pale, and her eyes were crystal clear, which showcased a kind of maturity beyond her actual age. A sense of steely strength was hidden beneath her eyes, which incited feelings of protectiveness inside him. How could he put her in a position that would make her life difficult? 
Slowly, he reduced his gripping strength, and Jasmine’s scrawny arms wrapped themselves around his neck. Her lips met his, and she landed a deep kiss on his lips.
Boyce was caught off guard by this sudden kiss and he forgot to react or didn’t even know how to respond for a moment.
Jasmine didn’t mind one bit about his passiveness as she pressed her lips harder. She liked the clumsiness in him, and she also liked how innocent he was.
Perhaps because of Jasmine’s passionate kiss, someone as passive as Boyce began to respond in subtle ways. He took her fragile body into his arms and tried to reciprocate her kiss albeit a little awkwardly. 
After some time, Jasmine was he first to let go of him, and her lips had turned into a cherry which was dipped in dew. The moisture was glistening off her reddish lips, and as she blinked, she said with a hoarse voice, “How will I regret everything? I really love you. You are just too dense and foolish since you believe whatever I had said. I was just messing with you. I will never, ever regret this.”
Boyce watched her sincere yet passionate face, and he felt like something was fluttering in his heart akin a feather fluttering, which made him a little numb and tremble. His heart seemed to take on a life of its own as it got out of his control. His heartbeat was irregular and without rhythm. 
He wanted to reveal his feelings, but he was no good at expression such intimate words. All he could do was to gaze at her quietly. 
His brows jolted as he said in a low voice, “Jasmine, I won’t betray your trust. Thank you for believing in me.” 
Jasmine initially imagined that he would now belt out a “passionate confession”, and even if he didn’t do that, he should at least express his love for her. However… he was thanking her for her trust with such a serious face?
She sniffed loudly and complained, “I am almost ready to cry, but somehow you make me want to laugh.”
Boyce’s face continued to be dense, “Did I say anything wrong?”
He was thinking in his heart, ‘What did I just say wrongly?’
Jasmine shook her head, “There’s nothing wrong with what you had just said. Your words are perfect, and I am so touched by them.”
Boyce furrowed his brows, “You are going to laugh instead of crying because of touching moments. Do you really think I am that stupid?”
“Not at all, I never think of you in that way. I just think that you are not smart enough.” After saying that, Jasmine sped off into the house and jumped onto her bed. She wrapped herself tightly with her blanket.
Boyce watched that pile of fabric on the bed and her lips slowly curled up, revealing a faint smile. He went in without any urgency and sat down on the edge of the bed before reaching out to peel off her blanket. Jasmine’s head popped out of the blanket, and her big eyes were blinking at him.
Boyce stroked her face as he thought that her face still looked a little childish but at the same time, it also looked like a flower waiting to bloom. She was attractive and charming.
His heart continued to pound as he pecked at her forehead without warning. He didn’t leave just yet as he closed his eyes and took in her scent. There was a faint shampoo fragrance in the air, which made him even more unwilling to leave.
He called her name, “Jasmine.”
“Yes.” Jasmine answered.
Boyce stood up straight as he said, “Sleep now.”
Jasmine shifted her body to one side and left a gaping space next to her in bed, “We will sleep side by side.”
Boyce lied down and faced her. 
The faint glow of moonlight poured into the room, illuminating the whole place in a warm light. Jasmine asked him, “Do you feel hot?”
Boyce nodded, “Indeed.”
He didn’t mean the actual temperature of the room. His blood was boiling, and it was the lustful longing a man harbored for a woman. 
Jasmine got up and switched on a small fan by the table. She then returned to bed and asked again, “Do you still feel hot?”
Boyce shook his head, “Not anymore.”
Jasmine used her hand as a pillow as she continued, “Accompany me for a few more days before going back.”
Boyce answered without hesitation, “Alright.”
“You answer too fast. Don’t you need to think about it?” Jasmine blinked in surprised. 
Boyce answered, “There’s no need for that.”
Jasmine smiled too as she took his arm and placed it under her head. She was using his arm as a pillow, “Hug me to sleep.” 
Boyce was rock solid as he dared not to come closer to her. He was a little dense when it came to his feelings, but he was still an honest man who couldn’t control his bodily impulses when he was in such close proximity to a girl.
Jasmine knew what he was on guard about, and she felt that he was especially attractive with that demeanour, “Are you afraid that I would pester you to no end?”
Boyce couldn’t come back to his sense since he was telling himself secretly, ‘She is still young, she is still young.’ He only replied after a pause, “What?”
“Nothing. Just sleep.” Jasmine stopped burrowing herself into his embrace. Although his arm was still used as her pillow, there was a small gap in between them. She didn’t mind Boyce touching her before marriage, but there was still an anxiety in her heart. In fact, she was not ready too.
The night passed by very peacefully. The two of them closed their eyes, but it took a while before they finally drifted into sleep.
Jasmine woke up in the morning, and Boyce stayed true to his words of accompanying her for a few more days. She was going to inform her headmaster after breakfast about her absence today as she wanted to accompany Boyce on a shopping trip to buy some clothes. 
They forgot about the chilled watermelon yesterday, so she took it out and put it on the table.
She prepared rice to cook porridge too.
The leftover eggs that were given to her by Chris could be used. Every food in their house was gifted to them by the students. 
Those foods were natural, organic ingredients, and those eggs were provided by domestic hen. They were natural and devoid of artificial components.
She thought that since Boyce was hurt, she wanted to fry two eggs for him.
Then, she planned to head out to buy some supplements for him.
She got used to living alone for some time, so she was very adept at doing house chores. The dishes that she prepared were not half-bad.
When she went outside to pour some water, there was someone coming to her.
She froze on the spot upon seeing this person.
#####Chapter 686 Thick-Skinned
With a live chicken in his hand, the principal chuckled and said, “Isn’t your friend hurt? I thought for a while, figuring that there are not a lot of good things here. So, I caught a chicken for your friend, maybe it’ll help him get better.”
Jasmine had already gotten used to the kindness and enthusiasm of the villagers. However, she was still surprised when she saw someone gifting a live chicken early in the morning to her. She asked, “Thank you, but didn’t you keep this chicken to be sent to your son?”
The principal’s son lived in a different city and married a girl from said city. His wife got pregnant and was due to give birth soon. Thus, the principal wanted to send a chicken to his son’s wife as a nutrient supplement after she gave birth.
“No worries, I have more chickens, so it doesn’t matter that I’m giving one to you. Kill it and make chicken soup, it’ll be good for your friend.” The principal handed the chicken over to her.
Jasmine could not bring herself to kill something that was still alive and jumping around the place.
“Thank you for your kindness, but I mustn’t accept your gift. My friend is very thick-skinned, he’ll live without the chicken soup, so please, keep your chicken.” Jasmine thought to herself, if Boyce really wanted some chicken soup, she would go and buy chickens that were already dead and make the soup, she could not stomach killing one with her own hands.
Even if she managed to kill the chicken, she could not stomach the soup later.
For her, not witnessing a living being lose its life right in front of her eyes would make her heart feel better.
“Come on now, I’ve brought it all the way here, I’m not bringing it back.” the principal tied the chicken to a brick and placed it next to her door.
Seeing his persistence, Jasmine felt that it would be rude for her to continue declining his gift.
“I understand, thank you very much, sir.” Jasmine said sincerely.
“No need to thank me, you’ve been a great help to us, we should be thanking you instead.” the principal clapped his hands together as he was about to leave. He recalled something, turned around and said to her, “Oh and by the way, you don’t have to go for your classes today, worry about your friend instead, yes?”
Jasmine replied with a smile, “I was just about to tell you the same thing. I’ll organize replacement classes two days later.”
The principal waved his hands, “Don’t worry about that, yeah? Keith and I will take care of it.”
He took his leave as he said that.
Jasmine looked at her newly acquired chicken, pinched her nose bridge as she had no idea how to deal with it. She got back into the house, wanting to see if Boyce was awake or not. What she found instead was a distressed Boyce, looking at her with confused eyes.
Jasmine was confused as well, touched her face and asked, “Do I have anything weird on my face? What’s wrong?”
‘Why was he frowning this early in the morning? Did someone piss him off?’
Boyce stood up, glared at her and asked in a serious tone, “Are you picking on me because of my age?”
Jasmine thought he must have burnt a fuse in his brain. She was pretty sure she made her stance clear on the matter, but why was he still asking her that question?
“Would you like me to write a certificate of authenticity for you?”
Boyce had already woken up long ago, he just stayed in his room instead of going out. He heard Jasmine calling him a thick-skinned fellow, thus he thought that she hated him because of his age.
He touched his face. While it was definitely not as white and silky smooth as Jasmine’s, his face was not exactly rough either.
“You’re a lucky man, someone sent you a chicken this early in the morning.” Jasmine pulled his blanket off and demanded, “Get up.”
Boyce caught the blanket, preventing her from pulling it off, “Wait.”
Jasmine was confused.
‘What is he doing?’
She touched his forehead, “You don’t have a fever, is your head aching?”
Boyce dodged her gaze and rubbed his face to wake himself up. Back then, he was busy enough that he never bothered with intimacy between a guy and a girl. But now that he had some free time on his hands, he found out that his desires were actually rather overwhelming.
While he was able to restrain the lewd intentions in his mind, he failed to control his body from reacting naturally.
He held onto the blanket so that it could conceal his manhood, which was basically forming an erect tent with his pants.
Jasmine did not know about the “morning wood” phenomenon.
She blinked innocently and asked, “Is something wrong?”
Boyce shook his head as he felt embarrassed for his lack of control. He was also afraid of scaring Jasmine.
Since she was still rather young and she never had a boyfriend before.
He held his stance for a little while longer before he finally got out of bed. 
Still confused, Jasmine looked at him and asked, “Are you really fine? Wanna go to the hospital for a check-up?”
She was worried about Boyce’s wounds
It was not without precedence, as he was bleeding profusely from his head when she found him.
While the doctor said that he was in stable condition, she was afraid that there might be some side effects from his condition.
#####Chapter 687 What Belongs To Me Belongs To Him Too
Jasmine asked again, “Are you really, really fine?”
As he saw Jasmine caring for him so much, Boyce would rather dig himself a hole and hide in it to hide his embarrassment.
He drank some water that was on a table and replied, “I’m fine.”
Jasmine felt slightly relieved after she heard him. She recalled that there was an unused toothbrush in the house, she then found it and handed it over to Boyce and said, “You can use my cup.”
She left Boyce alone as he brushed his teeth. She then fried some eggs, just in time for the porridge to be ready.
When they were eating together, Jasmine asked, “You want some chicken?”
Unsurprisingly, Boyce was taken aback by her question.
Jasmine pointed towards the door with her head, where the chicken was dancing around lively, “the principal’s gift to you. They’re treating you very nicely, eh?”
Someone gifted him a watermelon last night, while he got a chicken as a gift this morning.
Boyce knew that people would send stuff to them thanks to Jasmine and her efforts. He looked at her with warm eyes.
Jasmine was a very kind girl, so it was no surprise that people repaid her kindness with their own. Moreover, the people in this village were very down-to-earth and honest.
After they had their breakfast, both of them went to the town to buy some daily supplies and new shirts for Boyce.
As Boyce was wearing Keith’s shirts, Jasmine bought some shirts with the same size for Boyce.
She did not like Boyce owing Keith a favour, so she felt obliged to return the favour.
Even if it was not a big deal, she felt that she must return his favour.
After they returned from the town, they left the supplies in their house and went to the school. Jasmine bought some study supplies for the students, she could not wait to gift those to the students.
Keith was at the school as well, so Jasmine also returned him his shirt, “Thanks for your clothes.”
Initially, Keith did not take the shirt, “Bah, it’s only one shirt, it’s basically free, you can keep it.”
“No, I insist,” said Jasmine as she held her hands out to him again, “While I’m not particularly well-off, I don’t like taking advantage of others, the same goes for my boyfriend.”
Jasmine was someone who was straightforward when it came to dealing with other people. If Keith was not in love with her, and he did not state that, she might have paid him back in other ways. However, Keith was in love with her, so she must pay off this favour as soon as possible.
She could not leave Keith hanging with his favour.
Keith took the shirt and asked, “You really are very considerate of your boyfriend, huh. Did you pay for this?”
Jasmine held Boyce’s arm and replied, “He’s my boyfriend, what belongs to me belongs to him, too.”
If Keith did not know about Boyce’s identity, he would have insulted Boyce as a man that shamelessly relied on his girlfriend.
However, Boyce was someone with a rather notable background, so even if Keith himself did go for higher education, he doubted that he would end up living better than Boyce.
Unwillingly, he admitted defeat, took his clothes and said, “I’ll go for my classes now.”
Jasmine nodded in response.
“Give me the bag,” Jasmine reached for the bag that contained the gifts for the students, which was being held on to by Boyce.
Boyce did not comply, “I’ll go in with you.”
Jasmine asked with a smile, “Do you like kids?”
Boyce did not know the answer to that question, though he did like the two kids in Matthew’s house, he was not sure if he would like other kids or not.
Jasmine smiled, “I like kids. If I ever have kids, I’m gonna give them the best things in the world, love them, let them enjoy a world full of love.”
Boyce knew that she lacked family love, as she grew up in a rather poor environment. He patted her on the head, “You’re still a kid.”
Jasmine glared at him, “You’re the kid, not me.”
She then walked big steps towards the classroom. Boyce chuckled, then followed her steps.
When they reached the classroom, Jasmine, with the bag in hand, asked everyone to come over to her. The students were curious about what was in the bag as they approached her.
The contents in the bag were not exactly big and luxurious, just some fruit shaped erasers, pink notebooks, stationery boxes shaped like a car among other random toys.
Even so, everyone was beyond happy.
One of the students was someone without a mother, she cried as she hugged Jasmine. She never knew what her mother looked like. Jasmine heard that her mother was someone that was not local that moved to the village with the student’s father, hated the fact that they were poor, and she left after giving birth to her.
Her father had to work instead of looking after her, so he left her to her grandparents.
Her grandparents were old, unsurprisingly. Thus, they were unable to give her clean clothes. When Jasmine first met her, she was dark-toned and skinny, wearing a shirt that was so unbelievably dirty, she could not tell what colour it was supposed to be, her hair was also as messy as an overgrown field. 
Jasmine brought her back to her home, gave her a shower and washed her clothes as well as she could.
This time, she specifically bought a new skirt for her.
The girl had basically never worn new clothes, as all her clothes were hand-me-downs from other people when they grew out of those clothes.
When she saw the skirt, she felt sad but grateful.
She was sad because her mother abandoned her, but she was grateful because a woman that was not her mother loved her like her mother should have.
Jasmine patted her on the back, “Don’t cry, Jenny.”
The girl’s name was Jennifer Marsh. Everyone gave her the nickname “Jenny”, as she was skinny and small for her age. She looked like a five-year-old despite being seven years old.
Jasmine wiped off her tears. She recalled her tragic childhood when she looked at Jenny.
It was because Jasmine knew full well how painful it must be for Jenny and other kids in similar situations, she had always did her best to help these kids. However, her abilities were limited by her wealth and influence, or lack thereof.
Thus, she could not help as many kids as she wanted.
Boyce was right, she must be better herself, so that she could help and support more kids.
She decided to finish her university studies before helping them.
“Are you crying, Ms. Burke?” Jenny wiped off Jasmine’s tears.
Jasmine was not crying, her eyes started to tear up as she recalled her childhood. Her home was a war zone most of the time, all she saw was her father relentlessly abusing the ever living hell out of her mother, let alone receiving parental love from them.
Boyce walked over to her, placed his hand on her shoulder, patted her on the back and said in a pained tone, “Don’t cry.”
She was holding back her tears when Boyce said that. With his pat, she felt as if she was supported, thus she turned around and cried audibly without a care in the world in his embrace. Chris, with his broken leg, slowly limped into the classroom. When he saw Jasmine crying in Boyce’s embrace, he frowned, continued limping forward, and interrogated Boyce, “How dare you bully Ms. Burke!?”
“I’m telling you, even if we are little boys and girls, we can still help our teacher to fight off bad people. Many ants can move an elephant, you know?”
Chris said in a proud tone.
Jasmine wiped off her tears, got out from Boyce’s embrace and said, “No one’s bullying me, okay?”
“Then why are you crying?” asked Chris.
“There’s some sand in my eyes, alright?” Jasmine pulled out the car-shaped stationery box and handed it to Chris, “This is for you.”
Upon seeing his gift, Chris was so happy that he forgot his injured knee as he ran towards Jasmine to grab his gift. As soon as he could get his hands on the stationery box, he opened it and saw that it was the double-decker car-shaped stationery box that he had always wanted.
“Thank you, Ms. Burke!” With that, he had completely forgotten to ‘avenge’ his teacher.
After his rush of happiness, he blinked and looked back at Jasmine, “Ms. Burke, are you dating this man?”
After all, she was crying in his embrace not long ago.
She was not crying because she got bullied, so those tears might be tears of happiness, or else why would she cry while hugging him?
#####Chapter 688 Someone Is Looking for You
Jasmine paused for a moment as if she didn’t expect such a kid to ask such a question.
She reached out to touch his head, “You’re still young, how come you are so mentally mature…”
Before she could finish her words, Chris grabbed her hand and clutched it tightly in his hand, gazing towards Boyce, “You mean that you’re in love with Ms. Burke?”
Boyce said graciously when facing these children’s questioning, “Yes.”
Chris thought to himself, ‘Sure enough, no wonder Ms. Burke was crying in his arms.’ Worrying that Boyce would not treat Jasmine well in the future, he asked, “Will you treat Ms. Burke well?”
Jasmine looked at Chris, “Chris…”
“Ms. Burke, you don’t have a family, but we are your family. We will protect you and won’t let anyone look down on you or bully you easily.”
“That’s right.” The other students gathered around and shielded Jasmine behind them, unanimously questioning Boyce, “Will you be nice to Ms. Burke?”
Jasmine, who had already calmed down, was touched by the students again. She hid her lips, smiling, but tears in her eyes.
Boyce was calm, but his heart was fluttering. These children’s kindness also struck him.
‘Look, how simple they are. They will be good to whomever they are good to wholeheartedly, without any fake.’
The best feelings in this world were nothing more than pure sincerity.
He answered seriously and earnestly, “I will be good to her.”
“We remember that. We won’t let you off the hook if you can’t do that!” Chris spearheaded, and everyone followed suit.
Jasmine patted Chris’s shoulder, “Alright, does your leg still hurt?”
It had stopped hurting initially, probably that he had forgotten about it. And when Jasmine asked about it, it seemed to hurt again. He sat down on the bench and sighed, “I had wanted to marry you when I grew up, but now someone else has beaten me to it.”
Jasmine had just been touched, with the mist still in her eyes, and Chris’s words again amused her.
“You kid.”
“Will you marry him, Ms. Burke?” Jenny asked with a wink.
Jasmine choked for a moment. She could show her love to Boyce generously and treat him with her most sincere heart. 
But marriage was not something she could decide.
Marriage was a matter for two people, not something she could decide alone.
Much less she could decide it alone.
“Erm…” Jasmine thought about how to explain to the children, and Boyce opened his mouth before she could think about it yet. He looked at Jasmine and said solemnly, “We will get married.”
His voice was solemn and sonorous, without a hint of concealment.
He would go back as soon as possible to deal with Wendy’s affairs and then bring her back.
Jasmine looked up at him, with her hands clutching the hem of her dress uneasily. She should be happy, but at this moment, she didn’t know how to react. She felt excited inside and also restless. 
She was afraid that it was all a dream.
When she left, she thought that she would never have the chance to meet him again in her life. And yet, once again, he appeared in front of her and even gave her what she desired and wanted the most.
Her eyes were filled with tears again, but she smiled, “You guys are really annoying, always trying to make me cry.”
Boyce walked over and reached out to wipe her tears, comforting, “I’ll think I said the wrong thing when you cry. Don’t cry, okay?”
Chris blinked, thinking that Boyce was so silly, “Shouldn’t you give Ms. Burke a hug now? What are your shoulders for?”
Jasmine lowered her head and smiled. She knew that Boyce wasn’t the kind of person who was good at flattering. He was always so rigid in everything he did. At this moment, even a kid dared to talk about him.
‘How much of a failure was he as a man?’
Boyce looked down and rubbed his nose. He wanted to do that, but he felt inappropriate as there were many children here.
“Give her a hug.” Chris coaxed, and everyone followed suit as if they were shouting a slogan, “Give her a hug. Give her a hug…”
“Don’t mess around.” Jasmine pretended to be angry.
“You’ve really let us down.” Chris sighed, “You’ve disgraced us as a man.”
Boyce held his forehead helplessly, thinking in his mind that was he even not qualified to be a man?
Jasmine knew Boyce’s personality. So for everyone to stop fooling around, she stood on tiptoe and wrapped her arms around Boyce, whispering in his ear, “It’s okay. Just be yourself. Let me take the initiative to hug you from now on.”
A kind heart and warm hands were all that a mortal had. Boyce was touched by Jasmine, and he hugged her too. Words were not needed to shake his heart. He didn’t speak, but his heart to be with her for the rest of his life became more and more firm.
After being with Jasmine, he could feel his heart beating uncontrollably from time to time and the various sensations she brought to him that he hadn’t felt before.
“Jasmine…”
Keith had something to look for Jasmine. When he came in, he saw the two people hugging each other in the children’s middle. His words stuck in his throat for a moment.
Jasmine let go of him first. Boyce felt a bit uncomfortable, but he didn’t let Jasmine face it alone. He reached out to hold her hand, looking towards the door and asked, “Do you need her for something?”
Keith’s gaze fell on Boyce’s hand, holding Jasmine’s. He withdrew his gaze quickly and said, “Someone is looking for you.”
“Looking for me?” Boyce asked uncertainly.
It wasn’t like he knew anyone here.
“Yes, looking for you.” Keith said with certainty. At this time, a figure appeared at the classroom door, and his appearance gradually came into everyone’s view. He looked across the classroom, glanced over Boyce’s face and finally gazed at Jasmine, but talking to Boyce, “I’m looking for you.”
#####Chapter 689 So There’s a Beautiful Woman With You
Boyce was surprised, “Why are you here?”
Armand finally looked at him again and asked rhetorically, “Can’t I come here?”
Boyce denied and said to Jasmine, “You wait for me here.”
He walked out.
However, Armand didn’t move, and his eyes fixed on him for a moment, “No wonder you can stay outside. So there’s a beautiful woman with you.”
Boyce knew Armand was like this, and he was sure to tease him when knowing his relationship with Jasmine.
He pulled him away and asked solemnly, “I’m talking to you seriously. How did you find your way here?”
“You’ve called back. How couldn’t I trace your location? Besides, Dolores thought you were suffering because of her and Matthew. She was worried about you and couldn’t let go of you. She asked me to come to have a look on you. Originally, it was Matthew who would come over, but Simona was so scared that she was not in good spirits, so Matthew couldn’t leave her side. And so, I came. I thought you’d be riddled with scars, dying and suffering. I didn’t expect you to have a nice life here. How did you get Jasmine here too?”
Boyce explained roughly, “She came here after she left City B. It was a coincidence that I met her.”
“A coincidence?” Armand had a flirtatious smile as he mulled over his word, “A coincidence? I think it’s much more like a destiny.”
Boyce frowned, “What are you talking nonsense about?”
Armand laughed, “Is it nonsense?”
Boyce didn’t bother him and walked to the stone bar under the tree and sat down. Armand followed, “Don’t you forget that there is still a woman waiting for you in City B.”
Armand sat down beside him and gave him a look.
Boyce didn’t forget about it, “I was just about to go back and settle this matter.”
Armand stood up at once in shock and asked, “What did you say? You’re going back?”
Boyce nodded.
Armand sneered, “Are you crazy?”
He calmed down a bit and spoke to Boyce, “From my observation, Ms. Miller will never let go of you if you go back alive. She was just obsessed with you, and how will she let go easily?”
Boyce pursed his lips. He should give her an explanation as he was the one who had promised her.
Armand knew that this was all of his so-called sense of responsibility, but he was just too ignorant of women.
He sat down and analysed with Boyce, “Here’s the thing. You’ve already brought Ms. Miller to me and Matthew to see her, proving that you’ve already acknowledged her identity, and that’s how you introduced her to us too. So, since now that you are in a relationship with her, what will you do when you go back if she refuses to break up with you?”
Boyce felt that Wendy wasn’t the kind of person that would pester him relentlessly. However, Armand had a point there. What if Wendy refused to break up?
He could never let down and hurt Jasmine.
Jasmine had nothing left, and now all she had was him.
“Then what do you think I should do?” Boyce asked.
Now he was also out of ideas.
Armand said confidently, “I’ve already thought of a solution for you. Not that I’m saying, Officer Miller is the only good man in the Miller family.”
Boyce pretended not to hear it. After all, he had respect for Officer Miller. But Armand must have had his reasons for suddenly being so disgusted with the rest of the Miller family.
“I didn’t tell the Miller family that I found you. I guess that everyone in the Miller family thinks you’ve already died in the river.” He looked at Boyce, “My plan is that you don’t show up for these two months and just stay here.”
Boyce frowned, “What kind of solution is this?”
“After two months, if Wendy still thinks about you, I believe she truly loves you. If she finds a new lover in less than two months, it only means that she doesn’t love you that much, but only wants to be with you because she sees you as a good person. Since she finds a new lover by then, she has no reason to pester you if you show up again.”
Boyce hesitated, “What if she doesn’t have a new lover in two months?”
Was he going to stay here forever?
“Then give her the news that you’re dead for sure. Could it be that she will wait for you forever?” Armand hummed, obviously feeling that Wendy couldn’t even last the first two months and would definitely search for a new lover as soon as possible.
Boyce said after a moment, “This is cheating…”
“What’s wrong with cheating? Wendy is married, and what makes her think she can pester you?” Armand became angry the moment he heard this.
Boyce lowered his eyes. He was in favour of Armand’s approach, just that he felt sorry for Officer Miller to cheat others.
“So that’s it then.” Boyce agreed to this idea of Armand.
Seeing that Boyce could go beyond the sense of responsibility in his heart and agree to it so quickly, it seemed like he didn’t have any feelings for Wendy at all.
He moved closer to Boyce, and his hot breath puffed out as he spoke, “Have Jasmine and you established a relationship?”
Boyce pulled back and hummed.
Armand laughed, “Damn, way to go! This must be a blessing!”
Boyce didn’t bother with him and said thoughtfully, “I really like her and want to take care of her.”
Armand laughed, “Don’t tell me you’re just feeling pity for her. Didn’t you always dislike her before? And now you don’t anymore?”
Boyce looked at him. Indeed, he had never thought of it in that way. He just felt that Jasmine was not the right age for him.
Even if he had some feelings when he contacted her, Boyce would ignore it because he felt inappropriate.
When he saw someone pursuing Jasmine, he was afraid that she would be with someone else.
In fact, he liked her.
“When are you leaving?” Boyce asked.
#####Chapter 690 Honey
Armand looked at him and pretended to be angry. He was still clear about Boyce’s personality and deliberately questioned him loudly, “Boyce, what do you mean? I have just reached here, and you are asking me to leave before letting me have a drink here. Why? Are you afraid that I will disturb you and your little girlfriend?”
Boyce didn’t mean that. The environment there wasn’t good and he was afraid that Arman had no place to rest.
“Think what you like.” Boyce stood up.
Armand didn’t bother to pay attention to him and walked towards the classroom. Since Armand was here, he took this opportunity to reintroduce Armand to Jasmine.
Even though they already knew each other, their relationship was different before. Now, their relationship had changed, so he wanted to formally introduce him to her.
Armand followed him, “I drove here. At night, it’s okay if I can sleep in a place with the air conditioning.”
He looked around, “This place is also good.”
He took out his phone and video called Theresa. Theresa picked up the call very fast. He held up the phone and pointed the camera at himself, “Guess where am I?”
He avoided Boyce and took a picture of the view behind him for Theresa to see.
Theresa sat in her office, holding her phone. From the video, she could see Armand was in the countryside. She felt that he was childish, “Armand, are you very free?”
Armand smiled at the camera, "I just want to report my whereabouts to you at all times."
Theresa picked up the coffee on the table. She drank a mouthful of coffee and faintly said, “Faster tell me what do you want, or I will hang up the call now.”
He was so pathetic every time.
Armand became less dandiacal and said seriously, “I told you that Boyce is fine. I’m here to find him.”
He pointed the camera at Boyce’s back. Boyce looked back at him and walked into the classroom without saying anything.
He hung up the video and changed it to voice call, “Do you know what Boyce is going to do now?”
Theresa asked, “I don’t know. What is he going to do now?”
“He wants to formally introduce his girlfriend to me,” Armand replied.
Theresa was clueless at the moment as she thought that Boyce had introduced his girlfriend to Armand.
‘Why is he introducing his girlfriend to him again?’
‘What the hell is going on?’
“Armand, tell me. What do you mean that he is introducing his girlfriend to you again?”
Armand lowered his head and laughed as he looked at the screen of his phone. He knew that Theresa wanted to know it badly already. He deliberately chose not to tell her, “You may guess it.”
Theresa didn’t answer him anymore. She put her phone aside as she knew that Armand was deliberately teasing him. She didn’t want to ask the truth from him anymore.
Armand couldn’t receive her reply after waiting for a long time. He was a bit upset as he couldn’t get her reply after a long time. He took the initiative to reply to her, “Boyce’s true love.”
Then he waited for her reply.
However, she still didn’t reply to him.
“Armand.” At this time, Boyce walked out of the classroom with Jasmine.
Armand averted his attention from the phone. He raised his head and immediately changed into a smiling face, “Jasmine, how are you?”
Jasmine smiled, “I haven’t met you for some time.”
Armand also smiled, “Yes, and you have become my buddy’s girlfriend when I meet you again this time.”
Jasmine lowered her head shyly.
Boyce said, “It’s hot here. Let’s go inside.”
Armand agreed.
Then, Boyce and Jasmine walked to the front to lead the way.
Armand walked behind and looked down at his phone to see if Theresa had replied to him.
He still didn’t receive any reply from her.
He blinked his eyes, wondering if she was angry at the moment.
He sent her a message again, “Theresa.”
Then, he sent her another message, “Honey.”
“Please reply to me to let me know that you have read my message. Is it okay?”
When they walked into the house, Boyce gave him a small chair. He sat down and Theresa still didn’t reply to him. He started to be a bit worried.
He quickly typed on the screen of the phone, “Theresa, I was just kidding. I was wrong. Can you please quickly send me a message?”
#####Chapter 691 What Do You Want to Know
Armand nervously stared at the phone. He didn’t know when Boyce had come over. He was startled when Boyce came over. His body leaned backward and the small chair tilted, making him fall to the ground.
After a moment, Armand’s eyes widened, “Boyce, what are you doing?”
Boyce stood there, looking at him from above, “Have you done something wrong? How come you are scared like this?”
“You’re the one who has done something wrong!” Armand glared at him. He stood up from the ground while patting his buttocks. He didn’t sit down again. The chair was too short and it wasn’t comfortable to sit on it. To be precise, it was not suitable for people who were tall to sit on it. Otherwise, they had to bend their legs and had an uncomfortable posture.
Jasmine poured him a glass of water, “Drink it.”
Armand reached out to take the glass of water. He didn’t drink it immediately, but asked her, “If Boyce teases you, you will be very angry, right? Will you even ignore him?”
Jasmine blinked her eyes, “Is he the kind of person who would tease people?”
Armand was speechless.
He thought that Jasmine was also true as Boyce was so wooden-headed and it was normal that he didn’t know how to joke with girls.
“Did you tease your girlfriend and she’s ignoring you?” Jasmine looked at Armand’s distressed look and guessed.
Armand laughed a little and explained, “We have a good relationship. I think that she doesn’t have time to reply to me now.”
He didn’t want to let others know how inferior was he in this relationship.
“I feel that you are very nervous,” Jasmine said honestly. If he wasn’t looking at the phone too attentively just now, he also wouldn’t be frightened by Boyce.
“Nervous?” Armand tried to display a calm look, “Am I nervous?”
Armand who forced himself to display a calm look was cute and funny.
Jasmine held back her laughter. She shook her head and said, “You’re not nervous. You’re just a bit anxious.”
He was anxious as his girlfriend didn’t reply to his message.
Armand laughed. He knew that he probably couldn’t hide his emotions. He pointed to Boyce and Jasmine, “Today you two must treat me well. I’m going out to make a phone call.”
With that, Armand walked out of the house. He called Jasmine. It was so hard for him to reunite with her. Therefore, he would feel nervous if Theresa’s behavior was a bit abnormal as he was afraid that something wrong would happen.
In fact, Theresa also didn’t choose to reply to his message deliberately. A customer had come to her shop and she went to serve the customer. Her phone was left in the office. After the customer had selected the model, she only went back to the office after sending her customer away. At this time, it was already the third call he made. She picked up to answer the call.
“Theresa!?”
Theresa frowned, “It’s me.”
“What have you been doing? Why didn’t you reply to my message? You make me feel very worried.” He said with some aggravation.
“I was serving the customer. Why did you keep calling me?”
“I was very nervous as you didn’t answer my call.” Armand smiled.
Jasmine who was inside the house could only see Armand’s expression. She couldn’t hear what he said, but it looked like his girlfriend had answered his call.
“Armand likes his girlfriend very much, right?” Jasmine asked Boyce. Although it was just a minor thing, she could see how much Armand cared about her.
Boyce nodded, “Well, it’s not easy for them to get back together.”
Jasmine was interested in their story, “Tell me more.”
“They had experienced many things and it is not easy to summarize their story. In short, they had gone through many predicaments to get back together. Moreover, you will find it unbelievable if I tell you the whole story.” Boyce did understand Armand’s mood.
Jasmine tilted her head to look at Boyce, “Do you have a lot of memories with him?”
Boyce nodded, “Yes, a lot.”
Jasmine lowered her eyes, “Go chat with your friend first. I will go prepare the lunch first.”
She was a little upset as she felt that she didn’t experience a lot of things with Boyce.
At this moment, Armand was still talking on the phone. Maybe it was because it was too hot outside, he ran to a car not far away to sit inside. He closed the windows and turned on the air-conditioner.
Boyce didn’t go over to disturb his conversation with Theresa, but he followed Jasmine, “I’ll help you.”
Jasmine said, “No need.”
Boyce was not smart, but he could also notice that Jasmine was not happy, “What’s wrong with you? Did I say anything wrong again?”
“No.” Jasmine tilted her head and looked at him, “I just feel that I know too little about you.”
In fact, she wasn’t trying to explore Boyce’s past and privacy. She just felt that she knew too little about the people and things around him.
She liked this man, and naturally she wanted to know more about him and his friends.
She didn’t want to feel like an outsider when she was with them.
Boyce told her directly and decently, “What do you want to know? I will tell you later.”
Jasmine smiled, “I will spend the rest of my life listening to your story. As long as you do not dump me in the middle, I will not stop listening to it.”
Armand who had just come into the house after finishing the call clicked his tongue as he listened to Jasmine’s words when he entered the house. He couldn’t help but tease her, “You are worthy to be a graduate of a famous university as your words are so romantic.”
Jasmine didn’t feel embarrassed hearing his words and asked him back, “Your girlfriend isn’t mad at you anymore?”
“Our relationship is very good. She won’t be mad at me.” This time, Armand became arrogant and acted like he was superior, “I will be the one who is mad at her.”
Jasmine didn’t know Armand well, but Boyce knew how many times did he experience despair in between before Theresa promised to start over with him.
“Can I forward the words you said just now to Theresa?” Boyce said faintly but Armand could sense that he was trying to warm him.
Armand immediately stood up straight, “Why are you so annoying? Did you even learn how to complain about others? Did you learn it from your little girlfriend?”
Boyce thought that he had a big age gap with his girlfriend and he didn’t know her mind well. That’s why Armand kept calling Jasmine his little girlfriend. He felt awkward like he did something bad.
He looked at Armand seriously, “Who’s the older one?”
“You.” Armand knew what Boyce mean after hearing his words and he said softly, “Aren’t you married yet? Even if you marry her already… I won’t call her like that.”
She was too young.
“Then how can you call Dolores like that?” Boyce questioned him as Dolores was much younger than Jasmine when she was Matthew’s wife.
Armand argued, “That’s not the same.”
Boyce asked, “What’s the difference then?”
Armand scratched his head, “Do…Dolo…Dolores and Matthew have married and, naturally, I called her like that. Besides, Theresa has a good relationship with Dolores.”
Boyce doesn’t care how he thought, “Anyway, you are younger than me. Now I don’t care about you. In the future, you must call Jasmine properly after we are married in the future.”
Armand was speechless.
He blinked his eyes and looked at Jasmine. He remained silent for a moment and said, “You may tell me this after you two are married.”
After finishing his words, he walked out of the house, “I’m going to enjoy the beauty of the surrounding area.
Jasmine heard some information from their conversation. She had also met Matthew before and had an impression of him. After all, he was a big boss. The aura he displayed was naturally unforgettable.
“Your friend’s wife is not too old either?” Jasmine asked.
Boyce nodded his head honestly, “Well, when we go back, I’ll introduce them to you.”
Jasmine nodded her head and asked, “Is Armand’s girlfriend old?”
She felt relieved as before this she was afraid that she could not integrate herself into them. But now she knew that she was not too young among them, so she was also much relieved. After all, his friend’s wife was not too old.
After being questioned by Jasmine, Boyce found something. It seemed like the girlfriends of the three of them were all quite young.
#####Chapter 692 Only Have Love but No Fruit of the Love
“Why don’t you say anything?” Jasmine looked at Boyce, who was lost in thought, and asked.
Boyce quickly responded, “Nothing, I’m just thinking of something else.”
Jasmine did not continue to ask questions and gave a faint smile.
They went out today, so there were lots of foods. A friend of Boyce came over today, and Jasmine was going to cook more dishes to serve Armand. 
Boyce lived alone, and he didn’t know how to cook. Most of the time, he would eat instant noodles. Now, he could only help her by washing the vegetables and the rest had to be done by Jasmine.
Outside, it was a hot day and Armand did not go too far. He just stroll around nearby and stopped in front of the school. The children here were all very simple and naive. As he thought about the fact that he and Theresa could not have children in the future, he felt very down.
This would be their lifelong regret.
It was said that children were the fruit of their parents’ love. Without children, was it a sign that they could only love each other, but wouldn’t have any fruits of their love?
He did not dare to express that he liked children in front of Theresa. He was afraid that Theresa would feel more upset if he did that.
Theresa was the saddest person for not able to have children.
His gaze was gloomy. He took out his phone and sent a text message to Theresa. He wrote, ‘Theresa, I miss you so much.’
These words were from the bottom of his heart.
In City C…
Oscar took Theresa to a very nice restaurant to eat. He said with a smile, “You should have come here with Armand. However, he doesn’t know City C well, so he doesn’t know places with nice food as well as I do. The lamb chop here tastes excellent, I guarantee that you will crave for it once you’ve tried it.”
Theresa laughed, “Uncle, you should find a girlfriend. It will be so pathetic to live alone lifelong.”
“I’m very comfortable living alone. I can change woman whenever I want. If I get a fixed girlfriend, she’ll control me. How uncomfortable will it be? I’m not crazy to treat myself like this.” Oscar was used to it. He, as a normal man, would definitely have needs too. Then again, he could have any kind of women as long as he got the money.
He would not find trouble for himself, and he couldn’t fail the trust of the person who passed away.
“Here, let’s sit here.” Oscar pulled out a chair for Theresa. She smiled and said thank you.
“There’s no need to be so polite to me.” Oscar sat down on the opposite side.
Then, a waiter came over. Oscar knew the menu here, so he ordered a few delicious dishes.
“Have some wine?” Oscar asked, “I have a good bottle of red wine hidden. Do you want to try it?”
“Sure, since someone is willing to treat me to dinner and some good wine, of course I’ll accept it.” Theresa said with a smile.
Oscar gave her a thumbs-up. “I like you being frank. However, you just reconciled with Armand, it’s not good for you to be shared.”
Theresa lowered her eyelids, “It’s always good to give him a test after reconciled.”
She knew that Armand had no parents, but only a grandmother. His grandmother was very eager to have a grandchild. She could not image how Armand’s grandma, Elizabeth, would react when she knew that she was infertile.
Would she oppose them being together? Or ask for a surrogate mother?
Now, she did not dare to think too much about it. She would only retreat after thinking about it.
“That’s right, after all, you’re going to spend your lives together, it’s good to have a test.” Oscar expressed his approval.
“I see that Armand is a good person, and you suit each other too.” Oscar said. At this moment, the waiter brought the dishes and Oscar’s wine to the table. He opened the bottle and poured a glass of wine for Theresa.
Theresa picked up the tall glass and was ready to taste the wine, the phone in her bag vibrated. She took out her phone and the top of the notification bar showed Armand’s name. She clicked on the message and saw the message saying that he missed her.
Her eyes darkened and she replied quickly, ‘Come and see me then.’
Armand was just called by Boyce to return to the house. He sat down on a chair. Jasmine cooked a few delicious dishes. He heard the message ringtone from his phone. He took out his phone quickly and saw the content of Theresa’s message. Then, the corner of his mouth was grinning with joy.
“What made you so happy?” Jasmine was giving him a bowl.
Boyce answered, “Normally, when he showed this expression, it should mean that he was summoned by Theresa. It’s like when the ancient emperor summoned the concubines, the concubines will be very happy and excited, so they will show this kind of expression.”
Armand was speechless.
“Why do I feel like you’re scolding me?” Armand frowned, but he was still in a good mood. Theresa wanted him to go and see her, did she mean that she missed him too?
“Let’s eat.” Armand picked up the bowl and chopsticks. He started stuffing rice into his mouth. He was really hungry. On the table, there were braised water bamboo, braised eggplant, scrambled eggs with tomatoes, and stewed pork ribs with white radish soup. These were all home-cooked dishes and they tasted good. Armand took a piece of braised eggplant and said, “You’ve found the right girl as your girlfriend. She knows how to cook well and you can enjoy her cooking in the future.”
Boyce glanced at him and said, “Just eat. Even eating couldn’t stop you from talking.”
“I’m praising your insight, but you wouldn’t cherish it.” Armand swallowed the food in his mouth, “Boyce, I’ll leave in the afternoon. Just tell me what you need as soon as possible.”
Boyce was being straightforward, “I only need money.”
Armand blinked his eyes and looked at him, “You are penniless? So, you’re now relying on Jasmine to support you?”
Boyce did not bother to answer him. He did not even have a cell phone, let alone his wallet. He was fortunate enough to survived until today.
“I don’t have much cash with me. Take my card.” Armand was anxious to see Theresa. He finished his bowl of rice within a few gulps. He took a bowl of soup and it was still hot, so he put it on the table to cool a little. He took out his wallet and took out his card. He gave the card to Boyce.
Boyce took it and said, “I’ll return it to you when I go back.”
“Don’t tell me these useless things.” Armand wiped his mouth, “I’m not going back to City B, I’m going to City C. I’ll go straight back to City B directly from City C, so I won’t come here again. Go buy a cell phone when you have the time so that we can contact you.”
Boyce said okay.
After eating lunch, Armand left.
In City B…
In the Miller family…
Boyce had been missing for nearly a week now. Mrs. Miller and Officer Miller started to believe that Boyce may have died.
After all, the situation was so dangerous. The search had lasted for six days.
“Wendy, will you just stop thinking about him? Give up.” Mrs. Miller tried to persuade her daughter. She sighed, “You just don’t have the destiny to be with him. For the first time, it was you who didn’t want to and you two did not work out. The second time, he is gone. If you’re destined to be together, you’ll be together since the first time. Let’s just find another suitable person, okay?”
Wendy was annoyed, “Mom, can you stop it?”
“I’m saying this for your own good…”
“I don’t need it.” Wendy stood up and took her bag after she said this. Then, she went out.
“Wendy…”
“Stop it, just let her go. As soon as she’s back, you started to nag. Not to mention her, I felt annoying too.” Office Miller felt a bit tired.
Mrs. Miller felt that she was right, “I did it for her own good, didn’t I?”
“Okay, okay, just stop it.” Officer Miller pinched the bridge of his nose wearily. He did not want to listen to any nonsense anymore.
“Where do you think she will go?” Mrs. Miller was a little worried.
“She’s an adult. Don’t worry too much.” Officer Miller said earnestly, “If you control her too much, she will be unhappy. Just leave her alone and let her do whatever she wants.”
Mrs. Miller felt that children’s affair should still be decided by adults, even though Wendy was already an adult. As she opened her mouth and wanted to speak, she was scolded by Officer Miller, “If you say another word, get out of here.”
He was mad too.
Mrs. Miller covered her mouth and started crying.
Officer Miller got up irritably and went into the room. He would not have to be annoyed if he did not see her.
Wendy went to the villa after she went out.
#####Chapter 693 See Him In Dead Or Alive
When she arrived at the entrance of the villa, Wendy parked the car at the curb. She did not get out of the car immediately but lowered the window to look at the villa. She found that Armand was not in City B, and Matthew was not in a hurry as before.
Did he give up, or was there something else going on?
She gently rubbed her hand on the steering wheel and pondered the possibilities of this matter.
In the end, she could not figure out what the key point of the matter was, and decided to find out from Dolores and Matthew. She put the car keys in her bag, pushed the door open and got out of the car, and walked towards the villa.
When she reached the door, she raised her hand and rang the doorbell.
It wasn't long before someone came to the door. Coral stood at the door and asked, "Who are you looking for?"
"I'm looking for Mr. Nelson and his wife. Are they in?" Wendy asked.
"Please wait a moment while I inform them." Coral didn't let her in. She had never seen this woman before, and Matthew had explained that no one she didn't know could be let in.
After what happened last time, Amanda was not in a good state of mind. They were afraid that if a stranger came into the house, it would affect her mood.
"Okay, please hurry up. It's hot outside." Wendy said.
Coral nodded, and as she closed the door, she asked, "What should I call you?"
Wendy replied, "My last name is Miller. You can call me Wendy."
"Okay." Coral closed the door and headed upstairs.
There was no one in the house but Dolores with Amanda. Jayden and Kevin had gone to the old house with Andrew, and Matthew was not home either. Lucy was in their house as a nanny when the incident happened and they need to be held responsible. Matthew went to negotiate with Lucy's family to settle the matter, and only Dolores was at home with Amanda.
In the room, Amanda was lying in Dolores' arms and didn't say anything. She just grabbed her collar and was afraid that she would disappear.
Even when she was asleep, she would still grab her collar.
And she woke up several times throughout the night.
She was extremely upset inside.
Coral was afraid of alarming Amanda, so she gently pushed the door in and asked in a whisper, "Is Simona asleep?"
Dolores said no.
Coral whispered, "There's a lady downstairs, whose last name is Miller, looking for you. Do you know her? Should I let her in?"
Dolores hadn't been in the best of spirits the last few days. At first, she was worried because Boyce's whereabouts were unknown, and now she was worried about Amanda, fearing that it would cause her psychological damage and be affected mentally. Combined with the growing months of pregnancy, she also got tired easily.
Hearing that her last name was Miller, Dolores hadn't reacted to who it was. After all, they had only met each other once. She was half lying on the bed, with Amanda resting on her arm. Her arm was a little numb and she moved her body, "Did she say what she was doing here?"
Coral shook her head, "She only said she came to see you guys."
"Just tell her I'm not available for visitors right now," Dolores said.
Coral said yes, "I'll go down and get rid of her."
Dolores nodded and Coral walked out of the room. As she closed the door, Dolores asked, "Did she say what her name was?"
"She said her name was Wendy," Coral replied.
Wendy? Wasn’t that Boyce's girlfriend? She rubbed her forehead. So it was her. But what was she doing here?
After all, she was Boyce's girlfriend, and it wasn't good for them to shut the door on her.
"Coral, let her in."
Dolores sat up from the bed, and Coral saw that she was struggling to pick up Amanda, so she came over and tried to hold her for her. But as soon as she touched her, Amanda wrapped her arms around Dolores' neck and held her tighter, fearing that she would let her go.
Dolores patted her back and whispered soothingly, "Good girl, I'm not leaving. Just let go of your hand. I can barely breathe."
Amanda loosened up a little but continued to hold her very tightly, fearing that Coral would hug her.
Dolores stroked her daughter's hair. She knew it was the shock that made her this way, and her mind needed careful care, "Coral, you go down first. I'll go down later."
Coral nodded.
Dolores patted her daughter, "It's all over. It won't happen again."
Amanda didn’t say a word. She just wrapped her arms around her neck, and Dolores kissed her forehead, "We have a guest downstairs. I'll carry you downstairs, okay?"
Amanda didn’t say anything, but just stayed in her arms and didn’t come down.
Dolores stroked her head and stood up with her in her arms. Amanda was really much heavier now. She wrapped her arms around her daughter's waist and held her over her bulging belly, then held her buttocks with her other hand. She just looked at the road against her daughter's shoulder, and when she reached the stairway, she was afraid that it would be unbalanced, so she switched to holding her daughter with one hand and holding the railing with the other, and walked down.
Wendy, who had already been invited in by Coral, saw that Dolores was struggling to hold Amanda and came over to help, "Simona, your mommy is pregnant. It's not convenient for her to hold you. Let me hold you."
With that, she reached out to hug Amanda. Dolores said, "No, she doesn't like to be held by others ..."
Before she could finish her sentence, Amanda let out a cry.
Wendy hurriedly withdrew her hand.
Coral, who was pouring water for Wendy, heard the sound and immediately came over and asked, "What's wrong?"
Wendy was a little embarrassed. She had wanted to help.
"I didn't know she would cry." She explained.
Coral looked at her and reached out to help Dolores, "You take it easy."
Dolores patted her daughter and told Wendy not to mind, "She's scared and doesn't want to be held by others."
“So that's it!" Wendy followed suit and came over to sit on the couch.
Dolores sat her daughter on her lap and looked over at Wendy, "Why did you have time to come over? Is there something going on?"
"I haven't seen Armand for the past two days, and I wonder what he's been up to?" Wendy asked.
Armand said when he went to see Boyce that he didn't tell the Miller family that Boyce had been found, and asked her and Matthew not to say anything either.
Armand said that Wendy and Boyce were not right for each other.
She didn’t know if it was good to hide her, but she felt some of Armand's words make sense. If Wendy really loved Boyce, she should be able to wait for him for a month or two.
Now she thought that Armand must be trying to test Wendy's true feelings for Boyce.
She didn't think it was right to lie, but she had promised Armand and couldn't back out.
"Didn't he go to find Boyce?" As she spoke, Dolores lowered her eyes.
Taking the opportunity to pat her daughter, she avoided Wendy's searching gaze.
Armand had gone to find Boyce?
Wendy wondered if she had been wrong. They were still trying to find Boyce? And they were just widening the scope? So she didn't see Armand?
But then Dolores acted like she was avoiding her.
If he was really looking for Boyce, what was there to avoid?
She looked down, "I know you all must think Boyce and I are not suitable because I was married. However, I really like him. I missed him once before because I wasn’t a shrewd judge of character. I was very surprised and happy that he could accept me then. Now that his whereabouts are unknown, I am very sad and can not sleep at night. He called you sister-in-law, so I think you should be familiar with him and know what kind of person he is."
Dolores said, "I know. He is indeed a man worth trusting."
"Now I'm at a loss, and I don't know what to do. Can you help me with some ideas?" Wendy came over and grabbed Dolores' hand, "My mom told me to give up, but I don't want to. Whether he's alive or dead, I want to see him."
#####Chapter 694 Have A Clear Conscience
At this moment, Dolores could feel Wendy's inner torment.
But she also did not impulsively say Boyce was okay.
When facing Wendy, she felt very sorry inside.
"What can I do to help you?" Dolores asked.
Wendy slowly stood up and sat back on the couch, "You don't need to help me with anything. I have to brace myself for this kind of thing. Just, if you ever hear from Boyce, please let me know the first time. Can you promise me that?"
Dolores clenched her hands a little tighter and said, "That's for sure."
Her hands were covered under Amanda's skirt, so for the moment, Wendy didn't notice her hands that were uncomfortably clenched together because she was lying.
Wendy pursed her lips and asked tentatively, "Would you also find Boyce and me inappropriate?"
"If you are sincere, why do you care what others think?" Dolores didn't like her attitude of always testing others like this. "Even friends who are close can't interfere with emotional matters. It's good that you feel right and comfortable together. What other people think doesn't matter at all."
Wendy could hear the discomfort between Dolores' words. She wasn't trying to be annoying. It was just that Armand's dislike for her was too obvious. She was afraid Armand would say something bad about her in front of Dolores and Matthew.
"I didn't mean anything else. I'm just afraid people will say things about me ..."
"Just follow your heart and have a clear conscience. You don't have to care what other people think." Dolores interrupted her from explaining, because there was nothing to explain.
But this time, Dolores did see that she was not innocent.
It seemed that she had quite a lot of thoughts.
At this moment, Wendy regretted coming here. Dolores was not too old, but she spoke without mercy. She was quite thoughtful and insightful.
She felt right too. The woman Matthew liked must have merits. With Matthew's status, what kind of woman had he not seen?
And in the end, she managed to become Mrs. Nelson, so it could be imagined that she must have been exceptional.
"I've brought you displeasure, haven't I?" Now that she had seen through everything, she was no longer hiding.
Dolores smiled, "It's nothing."
Actually, there was something wrong with her. Hadn't she also lied to Wendy?
"I'll have to listen to my mother's nagging again when I get back tonight. Can I stay for dinner at your house? Actually, I think Boyce and you guys are close, so I want to get into your circle. Do you mind?" Wendy knew that if she opened her mouth, she would still see through her mind, so she might as well be frank.
She had been so frank, so Dolores could not just refuse her.
"Okay." She turned her head to Coral, "Prepare more dinner."
Coral said, "Okay."
"Thank you," Wendy said to Coral.
Coral smiled and said, "You’re welcome." But in her mind, she was thinking that Wendy looked so smart, but how could she be so ignorant?
Dolores was pregnant, and Amanda was clinging to her. As she stayed here, Dolores had to deal with her, yet she still offered to have dinner here. She was obviously disturbing Dolores' rest.
She couldn't help but feel a little annoyed with Wendy.
It was selfish to think of oneself and disregard the feelings of others.
"Where did Armand go?" Wendy wasn’t testing her. She just felt that it was too boring to just sit here and wanted to find something to talk about, otherwise, it would be awkward to just sit around.
Dolores was stunned for a moment, and couldn’t find a good reason to answer her. She was afraid that if she said too much, she would be exposed, "He ..."
The door opened at the moment and Matthew walked in. Wendy turned around and saw him, then stood up from the couch and said, "Mr. Nelson."
Matthew greeted her with a slight nod. He walked right up to Dolores and asked, "You've been holding her again?"
Dolores nodded, "She doesn't get close to others now. You know that."
Matthew reached for his daughter, who had fallen asleep in Dolores' arms while Dolores was talking to Wendy. When Matthew moved, she woke up again immediately.
"It's Daddy. I'll hold you." Matthew gently soothed his daughter, and when Amanda opened her eyes and saw it was Matthew, she did not reject and let him hold her.
Matthew picked her up and patted her back gently, "Let's go sleep upstairs."
Amanda didn't say anything, but she didn't refuse either, so she kind of agreed.
Dolores rubbed her arm, which was a little numb after being pillowed by her daughter, while Wendy came over, "Do you want me to help?"
Matthew, who was going up the stairs, heard the sound and looked back at her, but he quickly withdrew his eyes and didn't pay much attention.
Dolores said no, "You're too polite."
She was so polite it made her a little uncomfortable.
They had only met once, and this was only the second time they had met. How could she let Wendy rub her arm?
Wendy sat back down and glanced up at the second floor, "Mr. Nelson dotes on his daughter, doesn't he?"
Dolores also turned her head to look upstairs. Matthew had already carried Amanda into the bedroom and the stairway was empty.
She withdrew her gaze, "Girls like to be pampered."
"They say the daughter is the father's lover in a previous life. I think that's true in Mr. Nelson's case." Wendy said with a smile.
Dolores looked down and said, "It's all just joking. How can people have previous lives?"
#####Chapter 695 A Cunning Woman
"Yes, it is. I don't believe in previous lives either." Wendy smiled.
"Mrs. Nelson." Coral came over, "Where did you put the ingredients for the last soup? I'm trying to make a soup and I can't find the ingredients." Coral walked over and said.
Dolores hadn't cooked recently, nor had she made any soup. But taking Coral's hint, Dolores quickly reacted, "Oh, I'll find it for you."
With that, she stood up and said to Wendy, "Have a seat. I'll go in and help her look for it."
Wendy nodded, but in her heart, she felt contempt for Dolores' hypocrisy. Coral was just a servant, and she treated her like family. Was she showing her kindness in front of her?
Dolores was already walking towards the kitchen and did not notice Wendy's contemptuous gaze, yet Coral accidentally saw it. She walked towards the kitchen with her head down.
Only when she entered the kitchen did Dolores ask, "Did you call me for something?"
Coral didn't answer her but brought in a chair from outside. Dolores looked confused, not understanding what she was doing.
"Coral ..."
"Mrs. Nelson. "Coral helped her sit down. Dolores sat down and asked with a smile, "Coral, what's wrong with you?"
Coral glanced out and whispered, "Who the hell is that Miss Miller out there?"
Dolores replied, "She's Boyce's girlfriend."
Coral's eyes widened, looking incredulous, "What? Boyce's girlfriend?"
Realizing that her voice was a little too loud, Coral quickly covered her mouth.
Dolores didn't understand why she was making such a fuss and asked, "Yeah, what's wrong? Why do you look so surprised?"
Coral folded her arms, "How can she be good enough for Boyce?"
Dolores with amusement, "Why?"
Coral analyzed, "Look, Boyce is very decent and nice to people. Look at this woman, she looks shrewd and cunning. Also, seeing that you are pregnant and holding a child as big as Simona, she doesn't have any self-awareness and keeps pulling you to talk. I just couldn't stand it, so I called you in on purpose."
Dolores sighed, "You can only say this to me. Don't let anyone else hear it. After all, Boyce personally introduced her to us. We have to respect her. Even for Boyce's sake, we have to treat her well."
She was also a little uncomfortable in her heart. It wasn't because Wendy didn't care about other people's feelings, but, although she said she couldn't let go of Boyce, she looked as if she wasn't that worried.
If Matthew's whereabouts were unknown, she was afraid she would not be in the mood to run to someone else's house and offer to have dinner at their home.
"Alas ..." Dolores sighed, "This time, Boyce is suffering because of us. For his sake, Coral, you have to be warm to Wendy."
Coral said, "I know. I won't let her see that I don't like her."
Coral washed her hands and continued cooking, "I just don't think she deserves someone as good as Boyce."
Because of Boyce and Matthew's relationship, Coral knew Boyce before Dolores did and naturally knew him well.
"I used to think that he would find a very nice girl for sure. Who knew he'd find such a ... Wendy looks pretty, but she just doesn't give me a really good feeling." Coral thought she was not good enough for Boyce.
Dolores looked at Coral's back as she cooked and curled her lips helplessly. If she knew that Wendy was married for the second time, she would surely feel even more that she was not good enough for Boyce, right?
"Coral, why don't you make a soup?" Matthew wasn't idle these days. He didn't sleep well at night, and he looked a little tired.
"Okay," Coral answered.
Dolores stood up.
Coral turned around, "You're going out?"
"It's not good to leave her alone in the living room." Dolores patted Coral on the shoulder, "It'll look like we're being rude."
Dolores was right. She nodded, "That must've been rough for you. It's obvious you have nothing to say and she has to find something to say."
Dolores held her forehead and laughed. She was helpless, but at the same time, she thought Coral was right.
It was true that her chat with Wendy was a bit stiff and not harmonious.
She walked out of the kitchen, and instead of sitting on the couch in the living room, Wendy was standing in front of the wine cabinet and looking at the wines. She seemed to know a lot about it, and Dolores didn't know anything about it. She walked over, "Do you like wine?"
At the moment, Wendy was holding a bottle of red wine. Dolores couldn't recognize what kind of wine it was and how it tasted.
When she saw her coming, Wendy put the wine back and said with a smile, "Found it?"
Dolores replied, then took the bottle she had just looked at out of the wine compartment and asked, "You know something about red wine?"
"Slightly. This wine is a limited edition, from Chateau Latour in F country, which has won many gold medals in wine awards. It has a complex and powerful aroma, and it tastes so smooth and balanced. Moreover, it has a long, rich aftertaste that makes you want to drink it again." Wendy said with particular insight.
Although Dolores also occasionally drank red wine before, she did not study it nor did she know that much. And she stopped drinking even more after she got pregnant.
She couldn't tell anything, and just as she reached to put the wine back in the compartment, Wendy asked, "Is this from Mr. Nelson's collection?"
The row of wine cabinets had always held a variety of wines, but Matthew didn't drink much. At least with her, she rarely saw him drinking alone in the house.
Since he made a wine cabinet dedicated to wine, he must have liked it. Just like there were a lot of limited edition cars in the garage. Even if he didn't drive them much, he would buy them. It seemed like men were very keen on cars, and so might be the wine.
"We also need to entertain when we have guests. It's not really a collection." Dolores did not mention Matthew.
Wendy smiled.
"Are you thirsty?" Dolores asked.
Wendy said, "No, I'm not thirsty."
"This place is decorated in style. I see every ornament in here is tasteful. Did you decorate it?" Wendy admired the layout and decoration of the villa.
"We got someone to design and decorate it." Although the house was like this when Dolores lived in it, she didn't think Matthew had that kind of time to get the house himself. He should have paid someone to design and decorate it.
"Mrs. Nelson, dinner is ready." Coral came over and said.
Dolores nodded, "You take Miss Miller to wash her hands."
Coral said yes and made an inviting gesture toward Wendy, "Miss Miller, this way please."
Wendy followed Coral to the bathroom.
Dolores breathed a sigh of relief and headed for the second floor. She pushed open the bedroom door and saw Matthew lying on the bed with Amanda in his arms and reading 'Peppa Pig' to her.
Amanda's eyes were open, and her long eyelashes fluttering, and she looked like she was listening very carefully.
Such a quiet picture made Dolores calm down as well. She smiled, "Dinner's ready."
Matthew tilted his head and saw Dolores standing in the doorway. He put down the book he was reading and kissed Amanda on the cheek, "We're going down to dinner."
Amanda nodded.
Matthew pinched her cheeks, "Do you want to walk by yourself, or should I carry you?"
Amanda reached out, meaning to let him hold her. Matthew picked his daughter up, "I can hold you, but you can't let Mommy hold you anymore. Can you promise me?"
Amanda wrapped her arms around him and didn't say anything.
"If you don't say anything, I'll take that as a yes." Matthew walked over with her in his arms, looked down at Dolores' belly, then reached out and touched it, "In the future, don't you hold her anymore."
Now Dolores' belly was getting bigger and bigger. It was easy to press her belly when she was holding Amanda like that.
Dolores hurriedly removed his hand and reminded, "We have a guest at home."
Matthew frowned, "She didn't leave?"
#####Chapter 696 The Secrets
Dolores nodded.
A deep frown creased Matthew’s forehead and he asked, “Why she is here?”
“She found out that Armand wasn’t here and seemed to sound me out, saying that she was worried about Boyce, but I don’t think it’s simply because of him,” She said despondently.
In her mind, she was worried that Boyce would have conflicts with her in the future.
Matthew said, “Don’t worry about it.”
During the previous days when Boyce was unaccounted for, they hadn’t had much rest; moreover she had pined away a lot as Amanda suffered from irritability. He didn’t want her to worry about other people’s emotional stuff.
“Boyce is an adult, he can handle it himself, there is no need for us to get involved,” Matthew said indifferently. In fact, he had secretly investigated her. 
“By the way, why didn’t Armand let Boyce come back? What did he want to do? And where is Boyce now? Is he injured?” Thinking of Armand who deliberately asked them to conceal the Miller family and didn’t tell the reason back then, they were curious as what he had up his sleeve.
At that time, Matthew had no idea either, but he had received a message from Armand today and knew the current situation of Boyce and his relationship with Jasmine Burke. Armand had told him everything, asked him not to tell Wendy Miller that Boyce was fine and stated that Boyce also knew about this matter. 
“I’ll tell you later at night.”
Now was really not the right time to discuss this topic, after all Wendy was downstairs.
Dolores nodded and didn’t pursue the matter. When they walked downstairs, Wendy was already sitting at the dining table. She stood up when she saw them coming down and said, “I’m sorry to bother you today.”
Dolores smiled and said, “It’s okay, have a seat.”
Matthew hugged his daughter and sat down at the main seat while Dolores took a seat next to him.
She smiled and said to Wendy, “Make yourself at home.”
Wendy smiled and said, “Yes.” Then she sat down again and looked at Matthew, “Does Amanda need to see a psychiatrist?”
He didn’t response.
Dolores immediately smoothed things over, “She has seen the doctor. She is in shock, it’ll take some time to recover. Would you like to drink red wine since you like it?”
She smiled and said, “No.”
“Well, it’s my fault too. Now Boyce are unaccounted for, how can we eat and even have a drink at ease.”
Dolores asked Coral, “Is the spirit-quieting decoction that I asked you to cook ready yet?”
Coral said, “It’ll be ready soon.”
She nodded, “Serve Miss. Miller a bowl later, she must not have rested well these few days.”
Coral glanced at Wendy and felt that she didn’t look like she hadn’t rested well either. She felt uncomfortable, “Um.” Then she turned around and went into the kitchen.
Wendy suddenly realized that she might have shown too much of her enthusiasm and became less concerned about Boyce. Were Dolores’s words just now on purpose?
Soon she tensed up for a moment.
Coral was handy in the kitchen and the dishes she made were flavoursome and attractive.
 At this moment, Wendy had lost her appetite.
Coral served a bowl of soup to Dolores first, then served Wendy reluctantly, “Miss. Miller, be careful, it’s hot.”
She was a little awkward and said without looking up, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” She said coldly.
Dolores felt a headache and didn’t bother to say anything as Wendy who was such a smart person could definitely feel that Coral disliked her.
However, it was difficult to force someone to like a person they disliked.
She placed the soup that Coral had took over in front of Matthew, “I see that you’ve not slept well these few nights.”
Matthew looked up, “Do I wake you up?”
Because of Amanda, he didn’t sleep soundly at night.
He had to wake up several times at night to check on his daughter.
Dolores replied, “No.”
He frowned and thought, ‘Do you think I’m stupid? How do you know that I wake up during night if you’re sleeping?”
She just realized that what she said wasn’t convincing after she finished her words.
Wendy lowered her head, as if she was superfluous and felt uncomfortable.
“Mrs. Nelson.” She suddenly spoke, “I’ve no appetite, I’ll go back first today, thank you for your treat.”
As she spoke, she stood up.
Dolores also stood up and asked, “Is it because of Boyce’s matter, so you can’t eat?”
“Yes, now his fate is still unknown, how can I eat?” she acted in an upset way.
Dolores said, “Then I won’t force you.”
Wendy got up from her seat and Dolores walked her out.
“Do you need me to call a driver to fetch you?” she asked politely.
She waved her hand and said, “No, I come by car, you can go back.”
After watching her leave, she closed the door and went inside, then sat down and said, “What kind of attitude did you show towards her? It isn’t polite that you didn’t respond when she talked to you. After all she is Boyce’s girlfriend, I noticed that you and Armand don’t like her much.”
Matthew looked up at her, “Do you like her?”
She said pertinently, “It’s not that I dislike her, I just don’t think she is as innocent as she looks.”
Matthew knew she had remarried and rejected Boyce before, thus he asked someone to investigate her secretly.
Perhaps Boyce didn’t even know what he had found out.
He lifted up his eyes, “She and Boyce aren’t suitable.”
He put his phone in front of Dolores, “Look at it yourself.”
She picked the phone up with curiosity and swiped to unlock screen.
#####Chapter 697 Having an Affair 
Matthew reminded, “Mailbox.”
She slid across the page, found the mailbox, clicked it and asked, “The first one?”
He replied, “Um.”
There was no title. She clicked and browsed through it.
The content showed Wendy had been went to the obstetrics and gynaecology hospital, and it also indicated the time, place and also the doctor’s identity.
At first she didn’t pay much attention, but then she looked down and saw that it was a copy of the medical record, which was filed at the hospital for each patient. It showed she had an abortion at that time.
Dolores frowned, “She and her ex-husband both had children and divorced?”
He told her to continue reading.
She became more apprehensive, ‘Didn’t Boyce say that Wendy and her ex-husband didn’t have any children and the reason they divorced was because of her husband’s cheating?’
The time of her abortion wasn’t too long ago, it happened about two months ago.
She continued reading and now she couldn’t keep calm anymore.
Her eyes wide opened as there was the evidence of her infidelity below, which showed the records of her visiting the hotel with her lover. Was she having an affair?
Wasn’t her ex-husband who had cheated on her?
She looked up at Matthew, “Is this true?”
“It’s true, Abbott Baron went to check it out personally. The only thing that’s unclear now is how she got her husband to take the blame for this and even her parents were kept in dark.”
She was stunned. Even though she didn’t like Wendy much, she didn’t expect that she could deceive others about this matter.”
Obviously her character was bad.
Wasn’t she lying to Boyce?
Dolores felt that her outlooks had been refreshed.
How could she go so far to deceive her own parents?
At the meantime she felt surprised, she began to worry about Boyce as Wendy was the one whom he had personally introduced to them and acknowledged as his girlfriend.
How would he react if he found out?
What was he going to do?
Matthew sighed as he knew that she was worrying again. He took his phone over and found the messages and photo that Armand had sent over. The photo was taken by Armand at the door when Jasmine Burke was cooking while Boyce was helping her out.
“Take a look.” She took it over without question and saw the picture at first glance.
Who was this girl?
She read the messages Armand had sent and knew that Boyce was now staying with this girl. Her perception was once again refreshed.
She never expected that Boyce would have an affair. Before the matter with Wendy was resolved, he had stayed with another girl over there.
After reading all the messages, she roughly knew what was going on, which the girl he liked was the one who was with him now.
The reason he didn’t come back and deceived Wendy was to make her take the initiative to let go.
She handed the phone to Matthew, “I didn’t expect that Boyce had so many ideas.”
Last time she just heard the name from Armand, but now she was seeing the real person.
“I don’t think it’s right for him to do so. He is wasting her time, he should come back and talk to her clearly.”
If she didn’t give up two months later, what about Boyce?
How could he explain to her?
After all, he was the one who promised it at the beginning.
“You think he could come up with such an idea? According to his character, he should have come back long ago to deal with this matter, most probably it was Armand who gave him the idea.” Matthew was clear about their personalities.
She agreed as it must be Armand’s idea. If it was Boyce, he would have come back immediately to talk to her since he was straightforward.
“Will you tell him about what you’ve found out?” she asked.
She thought that Boyce should know it as it would be beneficial for him to end his relationship with Wendy.
He nodded, “I’ll tell him. As for how to deal with it, he would decide it on his own.”
She nodded too as she felt that this was the most appropriate way.
When he finished the bowl of soup, Dolores asked, “Do you want more?”
He shook his head, “That’s enough.”
She thought for a moment and asked, “You like to collect red wine?”
He frowned and thought, ‘What kind of question was that?’
She pursed her lips and showed him the wine cabinet, “There are so many wines here. Are these special collections?”
“No, lots of wine were given by other people, what’s wrong?” he felt scared because she had never asked even though those wines had been kept there all the time. What was wrong with her today?
She smiled, “Nothing, I’m just curious suddenly. I’ll go upstairs first.”
She put down the chopsticks and got up.
Now Amanda was sleeping with her, she had to take a shower first, so that she could snuggle up with her after her daughter was done with her bath later.
After Dolores finished showering, she put on her loose pyjamas, lying on the bed and picking up her phone. Sometimes she would chat with Theresa Gordon for a while about the affairs of shop.
Now Theresa was running it herself and it was going well. She had recruited a few more designers and had found a few skilful dressmakers and embroiderers with Oscar Adams’s help.
Those bespoke clothes required a high level of craftsmanship from the dressmakers as the general tailors were unable to complete some of the special designs.
She sent a message to Theresa, but she didn’t reply.
She thought that Theresa was probably busy at work, so she put her phone down and prepared to lie down. Then Matthew came in with Amanda in his arms who had already finished her bath and wore a pink silk nightgown with short sleeves and short pants with lace trim. He put her down on the bed and she quickly crawled to her arms. He stood beside the bed, looking at Amanda and thinking, ‘When will you recover?’
She was so clingy that she didn’t give them any time to take a breath.
Dolores gave him a look, “Why are you standing here? Don’t you take a shower?”
He unbuttoned his blouse with one hand and said, “I’ll take her to the office tomorrow.”
In this way, Dolores could have a rest.
She had always carried Amanda herself when he wasn’t at home.
He was worried as Amanda would soon be in first grade, she had grown quite tall and had put on weight, so it was too tiring to carry her all the time.
Moreover, with her health condition now.
It was better for him to take her to the company.
Dolores was speechless, “Why you want to bring her there?”
He said, “Let her meet more people, it’s good for her recovery.”
Amanda looked at Matthew and blinked her eyes, then turned her head to bury her face in Dolores’s arms, as if she was rejecting his behaviour in this way.
Matthew pretended not to see it and turned around to go to the bathroom.
Dolores lied down and hugged her, patting her back, “Are you sleepy?”
She shook her head.
Dolores picked up the book on the table ‘Peppa Pig’, “I read you the story.”
Amanda nodded.
Dolores lowered her head and kissed her forehead. She was very worried as Amanda who was so lively and playful before had turned so quiet.
When Matthew came out of the bathroom, Amanda was still awake, so Dolores moved to make room for him. He walked over to the bed and sat down, reaching out to take the book from her hands, “I’ll read to her.”
She felt a bit sleepy, so she nodded. He carried his daughter over, put his arms around her and asked her deliberately, “Where did your mummy leave off?” In fact, he had heard it.
Amanda pointed to the line that Dolores read just now.
He said gently, “You tell daddy where mummy left off, I want to hear you to talk.”
She burrowed her head into his arms and kept silent.
He stroked her head and continued to read the story to her after he sighed.
By the time she fell asleep by listening to the story, it was already two hours later and Dolores had already fallen asleep. He put down the book and switched off the bedside lamp.
During the night, he heard Dolores’s voice in a daze.
“Hiss …so painful …”
#####Chapter 698 Wendy’s True Color
Was she about to give birth?
Matthew was instantly awake. He turned on the light by the head of the bed and looked at her worriedly, “Does your stomach hurt?”
Dolores frowned and she looked like she was in pain. Matthew didn’t even put on his slippers when he got out of bed. He walked to her side and said, “I’ll bring you to the hospital.”
He leaned over and tried to carry her. Dolores grabbed his hand and shook her head, “No, it’s not my stomach.”
She couldn’t move. Her body was tense, it was because she had a cramp in her leg.
“My leg cramped,” she said painfully.
Matthew lifted the blanket and examined her legs under the light. He rolled up her pyjamas and could see her fair and slender legs before his eyes, “Which one?”
“The right one,” she frowned even harder. It was as if her nerves were in a knot, she grabbed the blanket tightly and said, “It really hurts.”
Matthew’s face was tense, he tried to massage her cramped leg. He didn’t really know what he was doing, he just wanted to ease her pain.
After a while, the pain was finally eased. Dolores looked up and said, “I feel better now. Let’s go to sleep.”
Matthew sat next to her on the bedside and put her legs on his thighs. He continued massaging them.
“Let’s go to the hospital tomorrow.”
Dolores said, “This is normal. Something like this often happens during the 3rd trimester.”
Matthew pursed his lips and didn’t say anything. He couldn’t take the pain away from her. The only thing he could do was to make her feel as comfortable as he could.
Dolores nuzzled her legs against him, “Do you feel bad for me?”
Matthew slapped her legs lightly, “No.”
Dolores moved her legs away and said coquettishly, “Then go away, I don’t need your massages anymore.”
Matthew grabbed her ankle and said, “Don’t move. Be good, I’ll massage you so that you don’t feel pain.”
“But you don’t feel bad for me, I don’t want your massage.” Dolores arched her legs and tried to move away, not letting him touch them.
Matthew chuckled, “So willful.”
Dolores pouted, “Well, I am willful. I order you to take care of me forever.”
“Of course.” Matthew pinched her thighs playfully and Dolores returned his flirting by saying, “Ouch.”
Matthew asked, “Where does it hurt?”
Dolores pointed at her legs.
Matthew leaned over. Dolores noticed that he was about to kiss her and she quickly moved her legs away. She reprimanded him softly, “Matthew Nelson.”
“Don’t be scared, I just want to kiss you.” Matthew stared at her under the dim light, he had a serious look on his face, “If we have a son, let’s send him to City C.”
Dolores was speechless.
She didn’t understand what he was trying to say.
“What if the baby is a girl?” asked Dolores.
“Then I’ll keep her by my side.”
Dolores sat up, she was a bit agitated, “What do you mean? Do you not want the child if he is a boy? Do you hate baby boys?” 
“Why would I not want my child?” Matthew scooted closer and hugged her, “I am thinking that if we have a son, he can get your surname. Since you never changed your surname either, we can continue your family lineage like this.”
Matthew and Dolores talked about this before. Dolores kind of understood what he was trying to say.
But what did this have to do with surnames and the gender of the child?
“Why can’t my daughter get my surname?” Dolores remembered that Matthew liked daughters more than sons.
She pouted, “Normally, people would favor sons more than daughters. Why are you the other way around?”
Suddenly.
Dolores’ phone vibrated.
Matthew picked it up and saw a message from an unknown number.
“Who is it? Is it Theresa?” Dolores took her phone from Matthew, “I messaged her before I went to bed, and she never replied.”
She then read the message.
Matthew didn’t know what was going on. Before he could read the message, Dolores took her phone away.
At this moment, Amanda suddenly moved. She couldn’t feel the person next to her and wanted to open her eyes. Matthew reached over and grabbed her. He patted her back lightly, “I’m here.”
Amanda reached out her hands and touched her father. She then snuggled in his arms and continued sleeping.
Dolores stared at her phone and narrowed her eyes.
The message said, ‘Your husband wore a light grey suit, a white shirt and a black tie today. A man in suit sure is charming.’
“Who is it?” Matthew looked up and asked softly, seeing how engrossed Dolores was.
Dolores quickly deleted the message. She took it as a prank and said casually, “Nothing much, just spam.”
She laid back down on her side and put her leg on Matthew. It was hard to fall asleep during the 3rd trimester. If she lay down on her back her heart would feel uncomfortable. She would only feel better if she raised her leg and slept on her side, “I’m sleepy.”
Matthew put his hand on her leg, he said, “Go ahead and sleep.”
Dolores closed her eyes and didn’t pay too much attention to the message. A lot of people noticed what Matthew wore daily, it was nothing unusual. She squirmed, trying to find a comfortable position and quickly fell asleep.
In the morning when Matthew woke up, he noticed that Dolores and Amanda were still fast asleep. He moved as quietly as he could while getting out of the bed, worried that he would wake them up.
When he was about to go to the bathroom, his phone on the table vibrated. Amanda was frightened last time by the ringtone because he got a call in the middle of the night. After that night, he would set his phone to vibration before they sleep.
He looked at his phone and it was an unknown number. He hesitated briefly, and then he decided to walk out and take the call.
He put the phone next to his ears while walking downstairs with his slippers on.
“Hello?”
“It’s me.” Boyce contacted Matthew first thing after getting a new phone.
“I’m fine, everything’s alright. You don’t have to worry about me. It’s just that I cannot return for the time being.”
Matthew walked up to a table and poured himself a glass of water, “You got a new phone?”
“Yes,” answered Boyce.
“I’ll send you something later and you can decide if you want to come back.” Matthew picked up the glass and drank some water.
“What?”
Matthew said, “See for yourself.”
He then hung up and sent the information that Abbott found out to Boyce.
Boyce could decide what he wanted to do next.
Boyce sat down under a tree. The call got hung up and he put away his phone. Soon after, he got an email. He quickly clicked into it.
He frowned as he read the email, he grimaced harder and harder.
He always had an okay impression of Wendy. He didn’t like her, but he didn’t hate her.
He thought that since Officer Miller was a nice person, the apple wouldn’t fall too far from the tree.
He thought that Wendy had a similar personality to her father.
But he never would’ve thought that she would…
Officer Miller was an honest person, why would his daughter turn out to be such a selfish person and hurt someone for selfish reasons?
She was at fault, but she blamed it all on her ex-husband.
She made her ex-husband the public’s target and made herself the victim.
How could she do that?!!
He wouldn’t believe this if the information was from someone else. But it was from Matthew. Matthew probably looked into this very thoroughly. Otherwise, Matthew wouldn’t have told him this.
“What are you looking at?” Jasmine hugged his neck from behind. She leaned on him and put her chin on his shoulder as she tried to peek at the message. Boyce quickly closed the email application.
Jasmine whispered, “What is that? Why are you so afraid that I’ll read it?”
#####Chapter 699 Does Someone Has a Crush on You
Boyce looked back and said, “It’s nothing, I will deal with it later. Jasmine, let’s go back.”
Jasmine was taken aback, but she quickly smiled and said, “I’ll listen to what you say.”
She got off Boyce’s back and stood up, “I’ll go pack. We need to say goodbye to the children. Ah, I’m actually here to ask to you come to have breakfast.”
Boyce stood up and put his phone in his pocket. He went back to the house with her.
When they got in the house, Jasmine said, “I will miss the children.”
“You can always come back to visit them,” said Boyce.
“Don’t forget that you promised to help them.”
Boyce answered, “I won’t.”
In City B…
Matthew wasn’t there anymore when Dolores woke up. Amanda was still asleep. She got out of bed and went to the bathroom. As she walked down the stairs, she noticed that Matthew was still in the living room. She thought he was at the office already.
She went up to him and hugged his slender waist from behind, “You’re up early.”
Matthew put down the cup of water that he chugged, turned around and looked at her, “Why don’t you sleep more?”
Dolores stuck close to him and said, “I couldn’t sleep.”
Matthew glanced at Coral who was cleaning the drink cabinet. After making sure that she wouldn’t look over, he hugged Dolores in his arms and kissed her on the lips. Dolores backed off, she was afraid that Coral would see them.
Matthew didn’t let her escape; he grabbed the back of her head and pushed her towards himself.
Dolores knew that she couldn’t win against him, and hence she surrendered.
When Matthew finally let her go, she put her arms around his neck and wasn’t going to let go. She bit him on the shoulder through his pyjamas and put quite a bit of force into it. She knew that Coral was around, and Matthew wouldn’t dare to make any noises even when he felt pain.
She was content seeing Matthew’s face in pain while holding in his voice. She let go.
Matthew fixed his shirt and took a look at his shoulder. There was a bite mark and it was almost bleeding.
He blinked his eyes and asked, “Are you trying to kill me?”
Dolores didn’t believe him, “I didn’t bite that hard.”
“You wanted to bite harder than this?” Matthew couldn’t believe his ears, did she really want him to bleed?
Matthew seemed to really be in pain. Dolores reached out her hand and opened his collar. The bite mark on his shoulder was quite deep, and it was slightly bleeding. She didn’t know that she bit this hard.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to. I’ll go get some ointment…”
Matthew pulled her, “No need.”
Dolores didn’t intend to bite him that hard, she scolded herself for not controlling her strength, “Does it hurt…”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take it as you are marking me. I will return the favor…”
“I don’t want.” Dolores wasn’t an idiot. She didn’t want any bite marks if it would hurt that much.
“You can’t say no.” Matthew hugged her and acted like he was about to stretch her collar open. He wasn’t planning on biting her; he just wanted to mess with her.
Dolores laughed as it tickled.
Coral looked over as she heard noises. She saw Matthew intimately hugging Dolores. She quickly turned around, but she turned too fast or was nervous. Her hand slipped and an unopened bottle of wine fell onto the ground. A loud noise could be heard, and the bottle shattered on the ground. The red liquid was all over the floor.
The room was soon filled with the scent of red wine.
Matthew and Dolores looked over. Coral tensed up and stood in place. She laughed nervously, “Please continue, I didn’t see anything. I will clean the floor up immediately.”
Dolores flushed and pushed Matthew away. She walked over and saw that the wine that fell onto the ground was the one that Wendy said was good. She sighed, “It was a good wine.”
Matthew looked at her, “You can tell?”
He remembered that Dolores wasn’t into wine.
The wines were always there in the cabinet and she never bothered to look at them. She could sometimes recognize local white spirits brands that were popular, but that was it.
“Wendy told me about it. She was quite into wines,” said Dolores. She realized that she always talked about Matthew and felt a bit weird about it.
Matthew scoffed. He obviously didn’t really like Wendy, he probably even despised her.
He hugged Dolores into his firm arms and carried her upstairs, “Just come up with an excuse next time she wants to come by. Don’t let her in and bother you.”
Dolores said, “Okay.”
“But I think she wouldn’t be able to come anymore. I told Boyce and based on his personality, he would come back and talk to Wendy.”
Dolores nodded, she thought that it was right to let Boyce come back and deal with it. It wouldn’t be a good idea to drag it out.
And if Wendy wasn’t friends with Boyce anymore, she wouldn’t have an excuse to come over.
Dolores looked up and stared at Matthew. His jawlines were pronounced and his neck was elegant. His skin was fair and his nose was even more prominent from the side. She was also jealous of his long lashes. She pouted, “Does someone has a crush on your office?”
Matthew looked over and was dumbfounded, “Why do you suddenly ask that?”
Dolores remembered the message she got last night, she said, “Someone said that you’re charming. Keep your distance with the women at your workplace, okay?”
Matthew laughed, “What’s wrong? Are you jealous?”
Dolores glared at him and didn’t say anything.
Matthew stopped smiling and wanted to ask her more about it, but Amanda woke up. She started crying when she noticed there wasn’t anyone next to her. Dolores quickly reached out her hand to grab her, but Matthew said, “Let me do it.”
Amanda just woke up and wasn’t too energetic. She laid her head on her father’s shoulder and rubbed her eyes.
Dolores grabbed some clothes from the closet for her daughter.
Matthew carried Amanda to the washroom to freshen up. Dolores put the clothes that her daughter wanted to wear on the bed. Suddenly, her phone which was by the head of the bed vibrated again. She grabbed her phone.
It was the same unknown number from last night.
Dolores frowned as she opened the message.
#####Chapter 700 Not Giving Up
The content was “Good morning!”
Dolores stared at these words. She was thinking if the message last night was a prank or a random message sent by somebody.
Then what did this one mean this morning?
After Matthew helped his daughter wash her face, he walked out and saw Dolores standing by the bed while staring at her phone. So, Matthew approached her. Dolores was deeply immersed in her thoughts that she did not notice Matthew was already standing behind her. She was shocked when Matthew asked her who had sent her a message.
“Why are you walking without any sound?” Dolores put her hand over her heart which was still pounding.
Matthew looked at her, “It is not that I’m walking without any sound. You’re just too engrossed. Who sent you the message?”
Good morning?
Who?
Charles White?
Still not giving up on Dolores by now?
Dolores sat on the bed and raised her head while looking at him.
Matthew looked at her, “Why don’t you say anything?”
Dolores scrolled to the last message and pursed her lips, “It is strange. There have been unknown messages since last night. What does this person mean and what does he intend to do?”
Matthew took her phone over and scrolled through the messages. Then, he frowned as he seemed to be surprised as well.
“Have you been fooling around with girls outside?” Dolores frowned as she did not suspect him purposely. However, she just could not figure out who would do that with an appropriate reason.
Matthew took a glance at her and did not say anything. He forwarded the contact number on her phone to his own phone, “I will find it out. Don’t think too much about it.”
Dolores lowered her eyes, “I’m not thinking too much. I just feel a bit uneasy. Who will do that?”
“I will find it out.” Matthew’s tone was serious with imperceptible anger.
She had been in a good mood this morning. However, she could not calm down after encountering such a situation.
She was really afraid that if anything would happen again. Fortunately, Boyce’s issue was resolved without any trouble this time, but what about next time?
“How is Declan now?” Dolores asked.
It was him since the last time.
“He has been sentenced to prison.” Declan had completely ruined himself. He originally had the opportunity to go abroad and avoid imprisonment. Now, he was like seeking his own death and nobody could save him anymore.
Dolores lowered her eyes, “It won’t be him then.”
Matthew told her not to think about it anymore, “I will find it out. Your daughter is hungry. Let’s go downstairs to eat.”
Dolores nodded and reached out to caress her daughter’s face, “Bring Andrew back today. He can play with her too. It is so lonely with nobody at home all of the sudden.”
Previously, Theresa, Jayden and Kevin were at home. But now, they were all gone and the villa became so quiet all of the sudden.
At first, Matthew wanted to bring Amanda to the company as it might be good for her recovery by getting along with more people. However, he gave up the idea of bringing his daughter to the company after receiving these unknown messages.
The main focus now was to find out who had sent those weird messages to Dolores’s phone.
“I will fetch him after the meal,” Matthew said.
Dolores nodded her head.
The house had been cleaned by Coral, but there was still a faint smell of alcohol. So, Matthew asked Coral to open the windows for ventilation.
Coral said, “The windows are open. It may take some time to get rid of the smell.”
“If you can’t get used to the smell, just stay upstairs.” Matthew lifted his eyes and looked at Dolores.
She did not have much appetite as she chewed the food in her mouth bit by bit.
Perhaps, she was thinking about something and did not pay attention to Matthew’s words.
So, she did not respond either.
Matthew looked at her.
He knew that even she had promised not to think about it anymore, but she must be thinking about it over and over again in her mind.
He sighed, “Why can’t you just listen to me?”
“Huh?”
Dolores regained her sense and did not hear what he had said clearly.
Matthew also lost his appetite and waited until Dolores had finished her meal. Then, he let Dolores take care of Amanda.
He left the villa to fetch Andrew.
He also brought Jayden and Kevin back to the villa with him by the way. So, there was somebody at home who could help Dolores to look after Amanda. Since Amanda did not even stick with Coral, only Dolores could look after her alone when he was away. It was inconvenient for Dolores to take care of Amanda with her big belly.
At nine o’clock, Matthew fetched them back home.
“Mummy.” Andrew ran over and lay on her lap while looking at his sister, “Still not well?”
Dolores reached out and caressed his forehead, “Yes, so I have called you back to play with your sister.”
Andrew had always been sensible and obedient. He nodded vigorously and then kept talking to his sister, “Amanda, I have something for you. Do you want to see it?”
Amanda blinked her eyes at him and did not say anything.
Andrew was not discouraged and continued to prompt her to speak, “Don’t you really want to see it? Then I will give it to somebody else?”
Amanda remained silent.
It seemed that the toys could not tempt her. Amanda went to bring over the full set of toys for the playing house.
In fact, they were planning to come back even if Matthew did not fetch them from the mansion today. They had bought all these toys for her yesterday.
Amanda had always wanted to play house, but Andrew had always felt childish and was unwilling to play.
His sister was frightened till mental illness this time, so he gave in as long as he could make his sister recover quickly. He was willing to do anything for her.
Jayden came over, “Amanda, come and hug grandpa.”
Amanda burrowed into Dolores’s arms. She showed her reluctance with her action.
“Grandpa, let’s play house together.” Andrew pulled Jayden to sit down on the carpet while Kevin joined in with Cotton.
Amanda blinked her eyes at them. Andrew set up those toys properly, especially the kitchen toys which included all kinds of ingredients, pots and pans to slice and stir fry. She had always wanted to play house with a princess living inside.
After a while, she took the initiative to get out of Dolores’s hug and join them.
Dolores heaved a sigh of relief.
It was good to see that she had finally changed slightly. Although she still did not talk, she was willing to play with the others.
On the other side, Matthew entered his office and made an internal phone call after arriving at the company, “Tell Abbott to come to my office.”
“Alright, Mr. Nelson.”
He unbuttoned his suit and sat down at his desk.
After Abbott received the call from the secretary, he came to Matthew’s office. When he reached the door, he did not knock immediately, but he stood at the door for a moment before raising his hand to knock on the door.
Soon, Matthew’s voice was heard.
Abbott pushed the door and went in.
“You go and check this number for me.”
Matthew gave Abbott the phone number that sent messages to Dolores.
Abbott took it over and said while lowering his head, “Okay.”
“Wait…”
Just as Abbott was about to leave, Matthew stopped him, “Why are you so tired recently?”
It was unusual for Abbott to look dull and feel dejected.
Abbott shook his head, “No.”
“I will give you an extra week for your annual leave this year.” Matthew flipped through the document on his desk that required his signature.
Abbott struggled as he wanted to say something to him, but he did not know how to say it. Finally, he said, “Thank you, Mr. Nelson.”
#####Chapter 701 Being Threatened
Abbott went out of the office and closed the door behind him. He lowered his head and looked at the number in his hand, and his facial expression instantly became hideous.
He didn't need to check the number; he knew who did it.
“Mr. Baron." The secretary came out from the pantry and greeted him when he saw Abbott.
Abbott was so absorbed in his thought that he didn't notice anyone coming. When someone suddenly walked up to him and spoke to him, he was startled.
"Why are you here?"
"Why can't I be here? What are you looking at? Why are you so engrossed with that thing in your hand?" While saying that, the secretary looked towards the paper in his hand.
Abbott covered the paper and said, "What are you looking at? Go back to work."
The secretary glimpsed at him, "You think I want to watch it? I can tell from your pale face that this must be an annoying task."
Abbott immediately touched his face and said, "My face doesn't look good?"
The secretary ignored him and went back to her seat with her water.
Abbott didn't ask further and walked towards the elevator. Then, he glanced around and made sure that no one was around him. After that, he quickly ran into the stairway, took out his phone, and dialed it.
The phone call went through, but no one answered the call. Abbott called again with a gloomy face.
The call finally got through after the third call.
Abbott questioned the other party furiously, "What are you trying to do?!"
"Why are you so angry? I'm swimming, so I don't have my phone with me. Do you have to be so fierce? You are scaring me." Emma was draped with a white towel, sitting on a recliner. She touched her feet and said, "Why are you so anxious? Do you need something from me?"
Abbott clenched his teeth, "You know what you did!"
Emma laughed, "I really don't know what you are talking about. But if you are talking about sending a text message to your boss's wife, I admit it that was me. So, what do you want me to do now?"
"Stop it!"
"Fine. But you will need to ask your boss to meet me at Hyatt Hotel. Then, I'll stop..."
"In your dreams!" Abbott rudely interrupted her before Emma could finish her sentence.
Emma fluffed her hair, "If you don't agree, then tell me your boss's daily whereabouts. I'm going to continue sending text messages to his wife too. If I remember correctly, his wife is going to give birth, right? I wonder if anything will happen to her if she gets too upset..."
"Enough!" Abbott shouted angrily, "What exactly do you want?"
"What do I want?" Emma laughed, then she suddenly said in a cold tone, "He killed my dad and put my brother in jail. What do you think I want?"
"They can only blame themselves for that!"
"Abbott, are you going to deny the relationship between us?"
"You set me up..."
"Even if I had set you up, it doesn't hide the fact that you have slept with me. I have video evidence, and it only has your face and your naked body in it. If I sell this to the pornographic website or the news media, I can probably fetch a good price for it. You can become famous too..."
"Emma Bailey!" Abbott was so anxious until his face turned pale. If he could, he really wanted to strangle this woman to death.
He never thought that he would be drugged when he went to the bar for a drink. Furthermore, he slept with this woman unknowingly. It would be fine if it was just a normal one-night stand. Who knew, this woman took his "nude photo" and video and even used them to threaten him.
Emma actually wanted to target Matthew. But she really couldn't find a chance; therefore she could only target the people beside him.
She had also considered Armand before. But after much observation, she found out that Armand wasn't an easy target, and even if she had succeeded, it might not be an easy task to threaten him.
In the end, she targeted Abbott.
Abbott tried to calm down, "Let's meet up and talk first."
Emma smiled and asked, "Do you miss me?"
Abbott tightened his grip on his phone, "Stop the nonsense. Let's meet up at the bar from the last time."
”Okay," Emma answered him.
Abbott hung up the phone, gently opened the stairway door, and cautiously glanced outside. When he was sure that no one was there, he quickly came out and took the elevator down. After he went out of the company building, he drove to the bar where he had met Emma last time.
Emma arrived even earlier than him. When he arrived at the bar, Emma was already waiting for him there.
She wore a black halter dress and crossed her legs, sitting on the sofa seat. Abbot quickly walked forward, grabbed her wrist, and pulled her into a private booth.
Emma stroked his chest and laughed, "Why so anxious..."
"Can you have some dignity?" Abbott clenched his teeth.
Emma laughed, "Is Mr. Baron a gentleman now? You were quite wild when you slept with me."
Abbott clenched his grips, "Tell me. What do I need to do for you to destroy those things?"
Emma withdrew her hand, walked forward to the sofa, and sat down. Then, she bent down and pour herself a glass of wine from the table. She elegantly held the wine glass in her hand and gently swayed it, "What do you think? Am I short of money, or men?"
Abbott didn't say anything but stared fixedly at her.
As the saying goes, the more beautiful women are, the more dangerous they will turn out to be. This might be true. The woman in front of him is so poisonous. Once you are infected, you would be tortured endlessly even if you didn't die from the poison!
"I only have one motive. He had destroyed my family, so I want him to suffer as much as I did." Emma suddenly raised her head, and her eyes were as sharp as blades, "Mr. Baron, if your father and brother dies and goes to prison, what will you do? Just pretend like it never happened before?"
"None of these will even happen if they are good people. They only have themselves to blame for what happened to them, so how could you blame others for it? Your brother could have left the country and lived a free life overseas, but instead, he was looking for trouble himself, so who can save him? You are only a woman, so how are you going to seek revenge? Other than selling your body, what else can you do?
Abbott tried to convince Emma, "Just let it go. You have your own life to live. Why do you want to ruin your own life for them? I know my boss well, and I am very sure that you won't be a match for him. If he knows that you are the one behind this, you won't be able to get away so easily!"
#####Chapter 702 Abbott’s Decision
Emma didn't seem like she was scared. Instead, she got up relaxingly from the sofa, walked towards Abbott, tugged his tie, and said, "I know I'm not a match for him. But I still have you, right? Aren't you working for him?"
Abbott looked down at her hand and sneered, "Why are you so sure that I'll help you?"
Emma approached his chin and blew warm air at him, "If you don't want to help your woman, who else do you want to help?"
"Is this a joke?" Abbott pinched her cheeks, "You willingly throw yourself at me. You don't deserve to be my woman!"
Emma wasn't angry. She just laughed and said, "Whether be it I throw myself at you, or you voluntarily find me, all of these don't matter. The important thing is you have slept with me, so are you trying to deny it now? Should I go public and sue you for rape?"
Abbott narrowed his eyes.
"Don't stare at me." Emma lifted her leg and rubbed it on his side, "I prefer you to be gentler to me."
Abbott was speechless.
"Can you show some dignity? Can you stop being so bitchy?" Abbott shoved her away.
Emma bumped into the corner of the table. She held her leg and said, "Abbott, you have gone too far."
"You are the one who has gone too far. Do you really think that I'll listen to you just because I slept with you? It's just some photos; you can give them to whoever you want. As for the video, you can give them to whichever media you like, I don't care. You will never be able to threaten me!"
After saying that, Abbott went out and slammed the door behind him.
Emma sat on the table and looked at the closed door. She tightly clenched her fists.
She refused to give up. She took out her phone and called him.
Abbot was driving. He heard his phone’s ringtone, took it out and saw that it was her name. He didn't pick it up but just threw it aside and let it ring.
Seeing that he didn't pick up her call, Emma wasn't discouraged. She chose to text him instead.
Very soon, the phone ringing stopped, and the text message notification sounded. Abbott reached out and looked at his phone. The contents were, [You don't want your future anymore?]
Abbott stopped the car beside the road and replied to her text, [Do I still have a future after I met you?]
Emma didn't give up, [Can you really give up your dignity for your boss?]
[Emma, do I still have any dignity after I met you?"]
Emma bit her lip and dialled his number once again. This time, Abbott picked up her call, "What more do you want?"
Emma, "You really can give up your future?"
Abbott answered her without hesitation, "Yes."
"Are you a dog? Why do you need to be so loyal? You are just working for him. If you help me, I can let you become your own boss. You are capable, I can..."
"Emma, do you think other people are the same as the Bailey family? A person without humanity and morality is worse than a pig or a dog. I can't control you, Emma, but you can also stop thinking about manipulating me."
Emma held her phone and didn't speak for a long while.
Abbott asked, "Why are you not talking?"
"I don't know what to say," Emma mumbled.
She really couldn't refute Abbott. She understood that her father and her brother were to blame for what happened to them. But she was their daughter and sister, she couldn't remain indifferent about what had happened.
"Abbott, I'm asking you one last time. Are you really not going to help me?" Emma asked.
Abbot gave her the same answer, "I'm not going to betray my boss."
"Okay. Don't regret it!" After saying that, Emma hung up the call.
Abbott looked at the screen of his phone, which showed that the other party had already hung up, and the beeping sound was on. He pressed the end button, threw his phone aside, laid his elbows against the steering wheels, and covered his face.
He let go of his hand after a long while. After some pondering, he finally made up his mind.
He started the car again and drove to the company.
He parked his car, got into the elevator, and stopped at the office level. After he got out of the elevator, he walked straight to Matthew's office.
Just as he was about to knock on Matthew's door, the secretary told him, "The boss is not in."
Abbott turned around and asked, "Where did he go?"
"I don't know where he has gone to. It's not in the schedule." The secretary said.
She really had no idea where Matthew went. His private matters wouldn't be listed in the schedule.
Abbott furrowed his eyebrows tightly.
"Do you have something important to report to him?" The secretary saw that he looked quite anxious.
Abbott didn't say anything and went back to his own office.
His office was located diagonally opposite Matthew's office. It was spacious and aesthetically decorated. He walked to his desk and touched it. Emma said that he was just a normal employee working for someone. She was right. He was indeed working for someone, but he felt a great sense of achievement. He had attained his status and position today all because of Matthew. Matthew trusted him and even entrusted him with important responsibilities. Otherwise, how could he be able to demonstrate his capabilities?
How could he be a person without a conscience?
He would never help Emma to frame Matthew.
He could tell that Matthew really cared about Dolores.
How could he be so ungrateful and sow discord between the two of them?
Abbott lowered his eyes, took out his phone, and dialled Matthew's number.
Matthew was accompanying Dolores for a check-up. This month, she would need to go for regular check-ups. Right now, she's performing fetal heart rate monitoring. They could hear the fetal's heartbeat clearly, which was presented through the whirring sound of the machine.
Matthew stood beside Dolores, grabbing her hand tightly. He felt complicated and excited. From the heartbeat sound, he could tell that the baby was very energetic and full of vigour.
He even unknowingly tightened his grip that was grabbing Dolores's hand.
Dolores felt a little painful, and it was sweaty as well, but she didn't remind Matthew. When she was pregnant with Andrew and Amanda, he didn't get a chance to hear the heartbeat in her belly. Now that he had got the chance, it was natural for him to get aroused. This was a normal reaction for a father.
At this moment, the phone in Matthew's pocket suddenly rang.
He took out his phone and saw that it was Abbott who had called him. He hung up the phone, leaned over to Dolores, and whispered, "I'm going outside to return a call."
Dolores nodded, "Just go."
#####Chapter 703 People at the Door
Matthew walked out of the medical examination room and went to the end of the corridor to give a callback, the call was connected soon and Abbott also picked up the phone very soon.
“What happened?” Matthew asked.
“I’ve found out the things that you let me investigate.”
“Who was it?”
“Emma Bailey, Declan’s sixth older sister,” Abbott answered.
Matthew raised his eyebrows slightly, it seemed like he was not so surprised - he already had some guesses in his mind.
“Are you busy, Mr. Nelson? I wish to meet up with you.” Abbott stood in front of the window and said while looking at the scenery outside.
“What happened?”
Abbott said insistently, “I wish to meet up with you and talk to you in person.”
Matthew lifted his hand and glanced at the watch, and then he said, “I’m free only during the night.”
“Then let’s meet up at night, in my office at the company,” Abbott said.
Matthew realized that there was something wrong with Abbott’s tone of voice, he said, “I’ll be there at seven o’clock.”
He hung up the phone after saying.
He didn’t go back to the examination room immediately, he was thinking about why Abbott wanted to meet up with him?
Abbott was behaving unusually.
In the examination room…
Dolores Flores lowered her head and asked, “Is the baby healthy, doctor.”
The doctor nodded, “The child is growing very well and is well developed from all aspects, but…”
“But what?” Dolores became anxious suddenly. She was so afraid of the doctor talking in this way, saying that everything was fine at first, then followed by a comma.
“We’ll wait for Mr. Nelson to come back, then I’ll tell both of you in more detail, both of you need to decide on what should be done next,” the doctor said seriously.
Dolores frowned, it seemed like this was a serious thing listening to the way the doctor talked, she grabbed the doctor’s sleeve, “Can you please tell me first? If not, I can’t stop worrying.”
The doctor sighed when seeing that she was so anxious, “When you gave birth last time, did the doctor tell you not to give birth again?”
Dolores nodded; the doctor did tell her before that her body was injured.
“It’s true that you are not suitable to give birth anymore because your uterus lining has become very thin after giving birth last time. There won’t be any anomalies during the early stage of pregnancy, but as the amniotic fluid increases month by month and the fetus develops faster, the pressure exerted on your uterus will be greater, then you’ll be in danger. Now it is seven months, I suggest that you can have earlier labor induction or Cesarean delivery when it reaches seven and a half months, or the most is eight months.”
Dolores couldn’t accept it, “I, I’m not feeling unwell…”
The doctor said seriously, “When you start feeling unwell, you’ve already reached the limit. The medical technologies nowadays are very advanced, you don’t have to worry that the child can’t survive after being born. The child develops very well, there shall be no big problem, don’t worry too much.”
Dolores’s feeling became complicated in a sudden, for sure that a seven and a half months fetus hadn’t become mature yet.
“Doctor, I want to tell my husband by myself.” Dolores didn’t know how Matthew would feel when he heard of this news.
The doctor nodded, “Both of you should discuss first, but you must make a decision as soon as possible since it’s already seven months now.”
Dolores nodded, “We’ll discuss this properly…”
“What do we want to discuss properly?” Matthew heard of Dolores saying this when he came inside, so he continued her words and asked.
Dolores smiled immediately, “Nothing.” She held her womb and wanted to stand up, Matthew walked there and helped her, he asked, “Have you done the checking?”
Dolores nodded, “The doctor said that everything is fine.”
Matthew looked toward the doctor, it seemed like he was asking.
The doctor glanced at Dolores and pushed the spectacles on the nose, then said, “The child is very healthy.”
The doctor seemed to be doing this purposely, Matthew narrowed his eyes, but he didn’t ask in front of Dolores.
He put his arms around Dolores’s waist and said, “Let’s go.”
He took the blue envelope with the examination reports inside and held Dolores to walk out of the examination room.
Walking out of the hospital and getting into the car, Matthew helped Dolores to fasten the seatbelt, then he said, “I go to the washroom for a while, wait for me in the car.”
Dolores leaned on the seat back and nodded lightly.
Matthew didn’t go to the washroom, but he went back to the hospital and found the doctor who had helped Dolores for the check-up at the outpatient department.
Although Dolores was pretending to be good, he could feel that Dolores was not as relaxed as when she came.
The doctor was not answering calmly as well, there were doubts in his mind, he couldn’t stop worrying if he didn’t clear his doubts.
The doctor was shocked to see that Matthew was back again.
“How’s my wife examination results?” Matthew asked directly.
“The child is fine, the scorings from all aspects were very high, but your wife’s body…”
“How’s her body?”
Matthew asked anxiously, the doctor was interrupted by him when the doctor had not finished talking.
The doctor opened the record of Dolores’s ultrasound imaging, the cursor was moved to show the thickness of the uterus, “Your wife’s uterus was injured when she gave birth last time, the condition now is still thinner than a normal pregnant woman. As the amniotic fluid increases month by month and the fetus develops faster, the pressure exerted on the uterus will be greater. I had told your wife that I suggest her to give birth earlier, it will be best before seven and a half months, this will reduce her risks. If the uterus breaks, not to mention about the child, even she will be in danger too.”
Matthew frowned, it was obvious that he couldn’t accept this kind of thing happening in a moment, “The previous checking results are all quite well.”
“The symptoms were not obvious previously because the months of pregnancy were still short.” The doctor paused for a while, “I had told your wife about this situation, she had said that she will discuss with you when going back.”
Matthew lowered his voice and asked, “Is there any other solution?”
The doctor shook his head, “The child will get bigger in the mother’s womb and grow even faster during the later months, this means that the pressure exerted on the uterus is becoming greater…”
“If she were to give birth earlier, will this affect the child?” Matthew had understood it, but it would definitely affect the child if she were to deliver the child when the pregnancy hadn’t reached full term.
“It will definitely affect the child since it doesn’t reach full term, but the medical conditions now are nice and the fetal condition is also very good, the survival rate is above eighty per cent,” the doctor said.
“Eighty per cent?” It was obvious that Matthew was not satisfied with this answer.
However, Dolores’s health was more important, he then turned and left the hospital.
He decided to find other experts in this aspect to check again with this matter, then only he would make the decision.
He pretended as if he didn’t know anything when he got back to the car, he asked Dolores if she had waited for him for too long, Dolores said, “No.”
“Let’s go back home.”
Matthew started the car.
Dolores couldn’t stay calm in her mind after listening to the doctor’s words, she didn’t want to talk, so she closed her eyes pretending that she was sleeping.
Matthew turned his head and looked at her, he pursed his lips tightly, he could deeply understand Dolores’s current feeling.
He was the father, he was also the husband, he couldn’t injure his child. It was the same that he couldn’t make any decision that would harm Dolores.
At this moment, his feeling was so complicated and down.
He moved one of his hands to grab her hand, Dolores opened her eyes, Matthew said, “Sleep for a while if you’re tired, I’ll wake you up when we arrive home.”
Dolores nodded, then she closed her eyes again.
After a while, the car had arrived at the bungalow. When Matthew was going to drive the car to the yard, he saw some people standing at the door.
#####Chapter 704 New Girlfriend
Matthew saw clearly the people who were standing at the door when getting closer, he called Dolores, “Boyce is back.”
Dolores didn’t fall asleep; she could hear him once he talked. She opened her eyes and looked toward the door; there was a girl with a backpack on the back standing beside Boyce Shawn.
Perhaps she was Jasmine Burke.
Soon, Matthew had parked the car in the yard. Dolores unfastened the seatbelt and pushed the door open to get out of the car.
Boyce walked hand in hand with Jasmine toward Dolores, “Sister-in-law.”
Dolores smiled at them, then she asked, “When did you come back?”
Boyce said, “We just got out of the car.”
After saying this, he introduced Jasmine to Matthew and Dolores, “You can just call them like how I do.”
Jasmine had seen Matthew before, but this was the first time for her to meet Dolores. She knew from Boyce that Dolores was young, now she had met her in person and she felt that Dolores was not only young, but she also looked very pretty as well.
“Nice to meet you.” Jasmine couldn’t call her sister-in-law at the moment.
Some more Boyce hadn’t settled his matter with Wendy Miller, it was inappropriate for her to call in this way now.
Dolores smiled, “Let’s go into the house, you guys should be tired riding the car.”
Boyce said that they were not tired, “We are here to ask for help from you.”
Dolores and Matthew stood next to each other, Dolores looked up at Matthew after hearing Boyce’s words, then she talked to Boyce, “Just tell us if you need our help.”
After all, the reason he had faced the dangerous thing this time, was because of them.
“I need to go back to the station and settle something with the Miller family, so I wish to let Jasmine stay temporarily at your house for a few days, I also still need to help her to settle the matters at her school.”
She had dropped out of school, now she wanted to go back again, so there were some procedures which were needed to be done and he needed to find the person in charge at the school.
Dolores agreed without hesitation, Boyce wanted to leave Jasmine here because he trusted them.
How could she deny it?
“Let’s go into the house first,” Dolores said smilingly.
Boyce nodded.
Matthew didn’t talk from the beginning to the end, he grabbed Dolores’s hand suddenly. In fact, he didn’t wish that there were other people at home during this moment, some more a stranger. Dolores’s situation had really made him suffer, he just wanted peace at home. However, Boyce would seldom ask for help, some more Boyce was almost dead because of him, so he should agree with it, no matter for the sake of their friendship or the sense.
He was just worried about Dolores, she was having something in her mind, but she still needed to treat others politely.
He felt uncomfortable.
Pushing open the door, the living room was full of playhouse toys. The two elderly were accompanying the two children, the scene looked so warm.
“Amanda,” Dolores called her daughter. Although she was not clingy anymore, she was not as talkative as in the past as well. Hearing that someone was calling her, Amanda Nelson looked toward there. She saw that Boyce was here too, she put down the ‘pot’ in her hand and stopped cooking the dish, she then ran toward there and stood not far away from Boyce.
Seeing Boyce, Amanda recalled the dangerous scene during that time again, she cried loudly all of a sudden.
Everyone was shocked, Dolores went toward her and hugged her, “Mommy is here, don’t scare.”
She patted lightly on her daughter’s back, but this tugged at her heartstrings.
Amanda was crying non-stop, no one could coax her.
Dolores kept on helping Amanda to wipe the tears away, her eyes became red automatically seeing that Amanda was crying so hard, her heart ached for her daughter. She kept on kissing her daughter’s forehead and cheeks, trying to comfort her frightened soul using her love.
Matthew knew that Dolores was so sad, he carried their daughter away from her arms.
He helped his daughter to wipe the tears away using his hand, but Amanda suddenly shouted toward Boyce, “Uncle Shawn.”
They were in danger together during that time, seeing him now made her recall the horror, stimulating the matters that she didn’t want to face, but now the things appeared clearly again in her mind.
Boyce walked toward her, stretched his hand patting on her head and comforted her, “The danger had passed already and now we’re fine, Amanda doesn’t have to scare anymore.”
Amanda blinked her eyes, tears dropping down; she sobbed and asked, “Is it true?”
“Yes.” Boyce answered confidently, and then he said, “Amanda is not pretty when crying.”
Amanda lifted her hand and wiped the tears away, but her shoulders were still shaking. She then pointed at Jasmine and asked hoarsely, “Who is she?”
Boyce glanced at Jasmine and said, “She is my girlfriend, I just want to introduce you to her, she is Jasmine Burke.”
Amanda was a bit confused, “Isn’t it that you had introduced your girlfriend before? Why there’s another girlfriend again? Is she the new one?”
Boyce was speechless.
Jasmine also felt awkward standing beside them.
The air froze for a while, Dolores told her daughter, “This is the girlfriend that Uncle Shawn likes.”
Amanda blinked her eyes and lied in Matthew’s arms, “Daddy, their relationship is so messy.”
It seemed like Amanda had recovered in a moment, the knot in her heart was untied.
Matthew was gratified; he stretched his hand helping her to wipe the tears away. Amanda had not talked for these few days, he didn’t mention it but he was always worried that this might traumatize her, he didn’t expect that she would recover after seeing Boyce.
If he had known it earlier, he would have asked Boyce to come back earlier. 
Dolores introduced Jayden Nelson and Kevin Forbis to Jasmine, “She is Boyce’s girlfriend.”
Jasmine bowed politely, Dolores told her that she didn’t have to be so polite, “Just make yourself at home.”
Jasmine pursed her lips and said, “Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it. Boyce is so close with us, you’re welcomed to join us.”
Dolores said smilingly.
Jasmine stared at Dolores, she wondered why Dolores looked so beautiful when she smiled? Some more she was so friendly, she didn’t put on airs and graces even if she was wealthy, Jasmine had taken a shine to Dolores.
Jasmine felt slightly relieved, she was always worried that she might not get along with Dolores well, or Dolores might look down on her when she came.
She didn’t expect that Dolores was so friendly and approachable.
“Coral.” Dolores called Coral, “Please tidy up the room that Theresa stayed in previously.”
Coral said, “Sure.”
In fact, there was nothing much to tidy up, the bedsheet and blanket were all washed already, she just had to put some toiletries in the washroom.
Boyce wanted to go out for a while since there was still some time, he told Dolores, “Sister-in-law, I need to go out, sorry to trouble you for taking care of Jasmine. I’m worried that I can’t settle the things with the Miller family in a short time, it’s inappropriate to let her meet Jasmine, but I’m also worried to let Jasmine stay at another place, so…”
“I understand.”
Dolores knew that Boyce was worried about Wendy Miller being unwilling to break up with him, and she might harm Jasmine if she knew her existence.
Actually, Boyce was right.
If he were to take Jasmine home with him now and let Wendy see her, it would be difficult to wind the matter up.
Therefore, Boyce had let Jasmine stay here without worrying about anything.
Jasmine nodded, “Just go ahead with your stuff.”
Boyce left after talking to Jayden and Kevin. After Coral tidied up the room, Dolores brought Jasmine to the room, “You can stay in this room, my friend had stayed here previously. You can call me or Coral if you need any help, you can have a rest first since you may be tired riding the car. I’ll call you when the dinner is ready.”
Jasmine was grabbing her hem. Although Dolores was friendly, she was still unfamiliar with this place. Some more, there was even an attached bathroom in the guest room and the decorations were very luxurious, she felt inferior to these wealthy people and she couldn’t adapt well.
“I’m sorry to trouble you,” Jasmine said embarrassingly. After all, Dolores was pregnant, but she still needed to take care of her, Jasmine was apologetic.
“It’s okay, just stay here without worry. Boyce will arrange the things for you when he finishes settling those things,” Dolores said.
She believed that Boyce had some plans, if not he wouldn’t have brought Jasmine back.
Jasmine nodded.
Dolores walked back to the living room after arranging for Jasmine to stay here, Kevin walked in front of her and lowered her voice asking, “How old is this girl?”
Dolores was not sure of how old Jasmine was, she only knew that Jasmine was in her first year at university.
Kevin smiled, it seemed like she felt that Jasmine was too young.
Jayden didn’t care about how old Jasmine was, he was glad that Boyce was safe, some more Boyce had already had a girlfriend. He was happy with him, but he was still paying all attention to his grandson and granddaughter, he carried his granddaughter from his son’s arms, “Come here, grandpa continues to play playhouse with you.”
Amanda sniffed, there were still the marks of tears on her face, she nodded and said, “Okay.”
There was someone taking care of her daughter, Matthew did not worry, he helped Dolores to go upstairs after handing over his daughter to Jayden.
Matthew closed the door after entering the room, he helped Dolores to sit down at the bedside, “I have something to tell you.”
“What is it?” Dolores looked up. 
#####Chapter 705 In a Dilemma
Matthew sat beside Dolores. He held up her hand and gently placed it in his palm, “I have found the person who sent you the message…”
“Is it the same person who sent me the thing last time?” Dolores turned her head to look at him. Although she was asking a question, she felt sure in her heart. This was because only the Bailey family had the motive. They held a grudge against her as Declan Bailey was imprisoned. 
Matthew nodded.
After thinking about the words that the doctor had said, he couldn’t stay calm in his heart. He reached out his hand and touched her belly. He gently called her, “Lola…”
“Yes?” Dolores looked at his face that was close to her. His face was clean and delicate. Even the hair on his face could be seen clearly.
Matthew kissed her cheek and said with a relaxed tone, “Nothing. I just want to call you in this way. Later I have something to do and I have to go out. I don’t know when I will be back. You sleep early. Don’t wait for me.”
Dolores didn’t ask him about the matter. She only gently nodded.
Matthew asked her to rest upstairs as it was too noisy downstairs. Dolores nodded and urged him as she smiled, “You go and settle your matter. Couldn’t I properly take care of myself?”
She was not a child anymore.
Matthew pinched her cheek and asked, “Don’t you have anything to tell me?”
Dolores was nervous. She wanted to shake her head but she nodded. She pushed him while laughing, “What do you want me to tell you?”
Matthew stared at her deeply for a few seconds. He didn’t expose her as he wanted to let her calm down alone. He would also find another specialist to give her another checkup. If there was really no other way, she could only give birth to their child earlier. He couldn’t let her be in danger.
Their child and Dolores… He would choose her first over the child. Without her, they wouldn’t have a child. Furthermore, her body was in this state because she gave birth to their children for him.
He held her head and kissed her lips, “I am leaving.”
Dolores smiled and said, “Okay.”
She saw Matthew leave the room and close the door. Her face was still showing a faint smile.
Until she heard his footsteps that he went downstairs, the smile on her face slowly disappeared. As a mother, she would think of her child first.
It was as same as when she tried hard to keep Andrew Nelson and Amanda Nelson. 
She also loved this child and looked forward to him.
She wanted to give her child a healthy body. Seven and a half months, it was two months before when she would originally give birth to her baby. The baby didn’t completely develop. There must be some risk.
If…
If her child had bad legs and feet, or if her child didn’t have enough IQ… There were a lot of possibilities.
Therefore, she didn’t dare to gamble. She also didn’t dare to tell Matthew.
She lay down with a messy heart.
She was tired but she couldn’t relax herself to take a rest without thinking anything.
She pressed her temples as she tried to calm herself through some forces.
Compared to her worries, Matthew felt more worried. After all, one was his own child and the other one was his wife.
If he chose to let her give birth to their child early, he was hurting his own child. If he chose to let her give birth to their child until the complete stage, he would be risking Dolores’s life.
He was in a dilemma. He felt worse than anyone else.
When he reached his company, a lot of people were still working overtime. The lights made the place as if it was daylight. 
The secretary wanted to leave. She saw Matthew who went down through the elevator. She moved towards him and greeted him, “Why is Mr. Nelson coming here so late?”
Matthew nodded and asked, “Is Abbott here?”
“He is in his office. I don’t know what’s going on today. He has been locking himself in his office since he came back this morning.” The secretary had never seen Abbott Baron acting so pessimistically to lock himself for so long.
Normally, he was still busy at this time.
Besides Matthew, he was the busiest in the company.
Matthew said that he understood. He walked towards Abbott’s office. When he reached the door, he pushed the door.
Abbott was answering the phone in front of the window. He completely didn’t notice that someone was here.
“I have told you. You can give it to whoever you want. I don’t care!”
#####Chapter 706 Resign
Emma Bailey still couldn’t believe that Abbott Baron could give up his future and pride. She thought he was just acting impulsively last time.
“Abbott, you better don’t think that I wouldn’t dare. Don’t speak to me with such a harsh tone!”
Abbott made a cold sneering sound, “I am only acting harshly. I am forced by you until I only have such little pride. What? Am I not allowed to defend myself?”
“You…”
Emma was furious.
“I don’t want to see you and I don’t want to talk with you. You can do whatever you like. Don’t call me anymore!”
After saying that, Abbott hung up the phone. It seemed like it wasn’t enough as he even turned off his phone. He gasped as he talked to himself, “You are a daughter from a rich family. Fuck. You are so despicable!”
Matthew asked unhurriedly, “Who makes you so angry?”
Abbott turned his body and saw Matthew who was standing in the doorway. He was completely stunned.
“Mr.… Mr. Nelson, when did you come here?” Abbott was so nervous as he stuttered. 
Matthew loosened his collar and pulled the chair in front of his desk and sat down, “I just reached here. I didn’t hear much.”
Abbott hurriedly walked towards him, “My girlfriend and I broke up…”
“When did you have a girlfriend?” Matthew frowned. He clearly didn’t believe him.
“We had only been together for a short period.” Abbott didn’t want to tell Matthew. It was so shameful. He was an adult. Yet, he had his naked photos taken and blackmailed. He would lose all his face if he told him.
“Mr. Nelson.” Abbott kept his emotions. He walked towards the desk with a serious face. He put the resignation letter in front of him, “I really appreciate your trust and nurture. I want to have a rest…”
“Did someone offer a high salary to headhunt you?” Matthew only glanced at it and he didn’t pick it up.
“No. Really no. I just want to have a rest…”
“But you told me that you only want to earn money?” Matthew looked closely at him as if he was examining him. Abbott was stared at and he felt uncomfortable. He dodged Matthew’s gaze and explained, “No one really headhunts me. I only want to take a rest.”
“I heard that the boss of FY Group wants to headhunt you. He promises you the position of vice president.” Matthew spun his chair and looked at Matthew.
Obviously, people who had capabilities would be headhunted.
“It has been a few months ago. How do you know this?” Someone indeed headhunted him. However, he didn’t change his mind. He clearly understood where the place that would have future development was.
Soon, Abbott laughed at himself, “I am asking a stupid question.”
If Matthew didn’t even know that someone was headhunting his people, how could he be a boss?
How could WY Group make it to this point?
Matthew was straightforward as he said, “Tell me. Why do you want to resign? You could tell me if you have any complaint.”
Abbott immediately shook his head. Matthew treated him well. He didn’t have any complaints.
“Really. It is my matter. Mr. Nelson, I am really sorry for the trouble that I cause you.”
Matthew squinted his eyes, “Abbott, how long have you been following me?”
Abbott immediately said, “Eight years.”
Matthew stood up, “Think carefully before you talk to me again.”
After saying that, he walked out. Abbott stood in place. He felt extremely guilty in his heart. He had caused trouble to Matthew because of his carelessness.
He never thought that Emma would sabotage him.
Matthew walked out of Abbott’s office. He didn’t leave the company but he went to his own office.
Obviously, something happened to Abbott and he was hiding it from him.
It was something that caused him a lot of trouble. Because of Dolores’s matter, he might not have time to care about his company’s matters. And now Abbott wanted to resign.
#####Chapter 707 Priority
Matthew rubbed his glabella knowing there was nothing he could do about Abbott now. Dolores was already seven months pregnant and the doctor suggested an inducing birth at seven and half months, he had not much time left to look for and consult another doctor. 
He made a call on the desk phone. 
The hospital Dolores was visiting was top-notch domestically, but he was still worried. His wife and baby were way too important for him to be careless. 
He made an appointment with Mr. Thompson. 
After the call, he took his mobile, walked out of the office and loosened his necktie single-handedly while browsing for numbers on his mobile. He instructed the person in charge at the overseas branch to consult doctors over there. He was confident with the local medical team, but he needed a backup. 
He explained Dolores's condition once the call was connected. "I'll send the details over." Matthew ended the call once the other side replied with a yes. 
He pressed for the lift and Abbott approach while he was waiting.
"Mr. Nelson."
Matthew glanced at him, "You are in rush?"
"No…"
"Think about it and call me," Matthew said as he walked into the lift. 
Abbott gazed at the floor. He wanted to be honest but he was a man with dignity. 
'Can I say I slept with Emma, she's taken my naked pictures and threaten me with it?'
He was a man and thought this could only happen to women. 
However, Emma used the trick on him. 
He scratched his head and couldn't say it out. 
It was too embarrassing. 
Matthew started his car and drove out from the parking lot. The street was lightened up by colorful lights, which made the town with skyscrapers looked even more lively compared to the day. 
He headed straight to the villa.
He parked the car and saw someone sitting on the bench in the garden as he walked back to the house. It was Dolores. 
He approached her. 
She didn't turn around but recognized his footsteps, "You are home." 
Matthew nodded and sat down next to her. 
Dolores leaned in and rested her head on his shoulders, looking at the starry sky. 
She then mumbled after some time, "I remember my contractions lasted for the entire night when I was giving birth to Andrew and Amanda. I kept bleeding nonstop and nearly collapsed. When the doctor carries two tiny and slightly purple bodies in his hands, that was the first time I saw them, it pained my heart and frightened me. I was afraid that the two tiny and weak babies will turn out like me, to have no one to take care of them, facing their future in the delivery room. They were smaller in size compared to the normal infant as they are twin. Amanda was even weaker. I tried my best to fill their emptiness for not having love from a father. They are the most precious part of me, no matter when, no matter what. I hope you are the same, putting the children as a priority." 
She knew she couldn't keep her health condition a secret, hence, she was telling Matthew the importance of children to her. 
Andrew, Amanda, and the baby in her womb were all equally important to her. 
She could risk her life giving birth to Andrew and Amanda, she could sacrifice her life for this baby. 
Matthew's body stiffened. He pulled her into his arms, kissing her hair. He knew it clearly and understood her words. But… 
Dolores continued with a low voice, "Doctor said I need labor induction, but the preterm baby is at high risk…"
She couldn't keep it from Matthew, hence, she chose to be honest. 
"You are more important…"
"Don't you get it after everything I've said?"
Dolores sat up from his arms; she wanted him to understand how important children were to her. 
"I understand." Matthew starred deeply at her, "Kids are important to me too." 
'But if I have to choose, I will choose you, without you, there will be no children for me,' he thought.   
"You still didn't get it, there will be too much unknown risk on the baby born preterm, I would rather risk myself than the baby," Dolores said weakly and helplessly. 
"Dolores!" Matthew yelled as he grabbed her shoulders. His eyes darkened in sorrow, "This is not absolute, there's a ninety per cent possibility that the baby will be born healthy."
He said ninety instead of eighty mentioned by the doctor just to put Dolores at ease. 
Tears began rolling down her cheeks. 
"Why am I pregnant?" She couldn't comprehend Matthew's thoughts. 
Even only ten per cent were enough to make her worry. 
What if it really fell into this ten per cent?
Matthew pulled her trembling body into his arms, "I didn't know your body is not suitable to bear a child. If I knew, I would never make you pregnant."
He patted her back lightly, "I'm looking for the best solution, trust me, okay?"
"I'm scared," she said, sobbing. 
"I know." Matthew tightened his hug. He too was scared. Dolores worried about the baby as a mother while he worried as a father. 
But he was a man, so he needed to be strong to face what was coming.
#####Chapter 708 How Could You
"There's still some time left, I will make sure to get the best doctors to handle our problem, we still have time, don't worry too much."
Matthew comforted her as he rubbed her back gently.  
Dolores closed her eyes slowly; she had been worried all this while. 
"Don't worry; I'll take care of everything." Matthew kissed her forehead, "Sleepy?"
Dolores shook her head, "Have you eaten? I told mom to keep some food for you."
"I've eaten."
He didn't, he had no appetite. 
"Take a walk me with me then." Dolores didn't want to go back to her room, she felt suffocated. 
Matthew nodded and walked with her, holding her hand. 
It was a breezy evening, not too hot or too cold. 
Dolores held onto his arm and said, "Stay home tomorrow morning, will you?"
Matthew looked at her. 
"Tomorrow is September first," Dolores said, smiling. 
Matthew forgot about the date until she reminded him. 
He missed the birth of his children, and he did not want to miss their first day of school. 
"Do we need to prepare something?" Matthew became excited slightly, his children were going to school. 
"It will be too late if I wait for you," Dolores said as she threw him a glance. 
Matthew was speechless. 
She had everything prepared. 
At the Miller residence…
Boyce visited the Miller residence after the police station. He wanted to cut the chords between Wendy and him the soonest he could. 
The Millers were shocked to see him. Officer Miller was the first to spoke, he raised his voice at Mrs. Miller, "What are you doing frozen? Let him in."
Mrs. Miller then welcomed Boyce in an instant. 
"You are finally back, Boyce. Wendy worried so much after you went missing. She couldn't eat or sleep well and had lost a tremendous amount of weight."
Mrs. Miller was trying hard to create a good impression of her daughter. 
While Wendy was still in shock by Boyce's sudden appearance in front of her, "Boyce…" she mumbled. 
Boyce on the other hand apologized calmly, "I'm sorry to have made you worried." 
"It's alright. Most importantly you come back alive. I've been crying since your disappearance, though you and Wendy have not married, I treated you as my son-in-law. I'm so glad that you come back alive." Mrs. Miller pulled Boyce's arm, "Come sit down, have you eaten? Let me prepare something to eat."
Boyce's appearance shed light on Wendy's future, Mrs. Miller was eager to show her concern over Boyce. 
"There's no need, I'm not hungry," Boyce said. 
"Let me prepare something," Mrs. Miller insisted. 
"There's no need," Boyce rejected.   
Officer Miller couldn't stand her acts, "Just shut up!"
'Since when did she cry for Boyce? She keeps pushing Wendy to look for someone else.'
He sighed as he thought of that. "What happened, Boyce? Where have you been?" He asked.
Boyce told the truth about what happened and how he was rescued, but he skipped the part with Jasmine. 
Officer Miller let out a sigh of relief, "It's good that you are alive, I thought you were dead."
"Sorry to have made you worried," Boyce apologized again.
"As long as you come back safe." Wendy came forward and hugged Boyce in front of her parents. 
Boyce froze. "Wendy."
He wanted to push her away but the more he pushed, the harder she hugged. "I nearly collapsed, my days were like years."
Boyce's hands froze in the air, "I'm sorry to make you worry, Wendy, please get up."
Wendy hugged even tighter hearing that, "No, I won't ever let you go again, I don't want to lose you again."
Boyce didn't know what to do. 
"There's something I need to tell you, Wendy." He wanted to cut the chords between them the soonest possible. 
Wendy looked up, "What do you want to tell me? Do you plan to propose?"
"No Wendy, I'm here to break up with you," Boyce said honestly. 
Wendy's face stiffened, so did Mrs. Muller's. Mrs. Miller immediately asked, "What did you say?"
Boyce stood up. He bowed at Mr. and Mrs. Miller, "I'm truly sorry that I can't be with Wendy."
Officer Miller was calmer compared to the others, he knew from the beginning that Boyce didn't like his daughter, he agreed out of respect for him. 
"There's no point apologizing, you agreed to be with Wendy but breaking your promise now. How could you conduct such a shameful act?"
Boyce was speechless; it was him that broke his promise.
"You've agreed to marry Wendy, how could you break up with her now…"
"That's enough!" Officer Miller was annoyed. He knew Boyce didn't like Wendy but he didn't expect him to break up with her. "Tell me what is happening."
Wendy interrupted, "You fall for another woman?"
She starred at Boyce. She knew this man, he was not a sentimental person when it came to romantic relationships. He even introduced her to his closest friends right after he agreed to be with her. He was a man with a sense of responsibility.   
There must be another woman that he liked so much that made him broke up with her. 
"Tell me who is she." Wendy clenched her fists. 
Boyce apologized, "I'm sorry."
"Apology is useless, you've hurt my daughter. Listen carefully Boyce Shawn, I won't let you break up with my daughter. What a bastard, we were worried about you while you went missing but you come back to break up with Wendy? How could you!"
#####Chapter 709 Stirring My Family into a Tempest
Mrs. Miller flew into a rage as if she could rush over to Boyce in the next second and hit him.
Officer Miller felt a headache when he looked at Mrs. Miller, who was behaving like a shrew.
He said in a deep voice, “Cut it out! Let's listen to what Boyce wants to say.”
Boyce did not beat around the bush and said directly, “I found that I don't like Wendy, so...”
“Boyce, what do you mean you don't like Wendy? You've promised to be with my daughter, and you tell us that you don't like her now,” Mrs. Miller was fuming in anger and pulled Boyce's arm and said, “What do you take my daughter as? What gives you the right to dump her as you like? Boyce, don't forget that if it weren't for Wendy's father, you are nothing!”
Officer Miller heavily pressed his eyebrows with his fingers. He felt shame at his wife's behavior.
“He gets his success by his abilities!” Officer Miller pulled his wife away from Boyce, “Go into the room. You don't need to be here!”
Mrs. Miller raised her head and looked at her husband. She suddenly cried out loudly, “Are you crazy? Wendy is your daughter. How come you favor an outsider instead of your daughter? Boyce is dumping your daughter now. Do you still want to favor a person who is dumping your daughter?”
“Shut up!” Officer Miller felt ashamed.
However, Mrs. Miller did not care about him, and she thought that it was Boyce who owe them an apology. She also thought it was her husband's help so that Boyce could become the deputy director at such a young age.
“Boyce, let me tell you, don't imagine you can dump my daughter easily. You have to be responsible for my daughter since you've promised us. You want to break up with Wendy, and that's not going to fly!” Mrs. Miller pointed at Boyce and rebuked him without giving a thought to her image.
Officer Miller felt his brain was going to explode and spoke to Boyce, “Let's stop here today, and you go home first. Everyone is too aggressive now and can't talk. We'll talk about this properly when we both calm down and sit together.”
Boyce wanted to make it clear, but he could not continue to say when he saw Mrs. Miller, who looked mercilessly. He could only nod, “I'm sorry, Officer Miller.”
Boyce felt sorry to Officer Miller from the deep of his heart.
Officer waved his hand and did not want to listen to Boyce.
“I'll go out with you. We should talk between the two of us since it's our business. I don't want my parents to be sad and upset because of my business,” Wendy got up and walked over to Boyce and said, “Let's go.”
“Wendy, you can't be soft-hearted. He's the one who promised you, so he can't go back on his word,” Mrs. Miller was worried that her daughter would agree to break up with Boyce in a moment of madness.
‘Where would Wendy find such a suitable person after break up with Boyce?’ Mrs. Miller thought.
Wendy said in reply, “I can handle my own business.”
After that, Wendy pulled Boyce out of the house and walked downstairs. Wendy let go of him, “Are you happy after stirring my family into a tempest?”
She clenched her hands tightly. Was she sober of a sudden? She knew Boyce did not like her all along, but she was confident that she could let Boyce would fall in love with her.
Boyce said, “I'm sorry for that.”
Wendy suddenly growled at him, “I don't need your apology.”
A neighbor passed by them and looked at them and asked, “Why? Did you guys fight?”
Wendy immediately adjusted her appearance and locked her arms in Boyce's arm. She smiled and explained to the neighbor, “No, we were just horsing around.”
The neighbor laughed and said, “You young people like to play around. I heard from your mother that you guys are in love. When will you two get married?”
Wendy took a glance at Boyce and said, “For the time being, we're not considering it.”
“You guys are not young anymore and hurry up to get married and have a baby. I'll leave first. I have to go to pick up my child after school. Goodbye.”
Wendy waved at the neighbor. She thought that they were not talking in the right place. She pulled Boyce to walk out of the housing estate, and she found somewhere with fewer people.
“Boyce, you must give me a reason if you want to break up with me. You've seen that my neighbors have known that we are in love now. How will people look at me if they know we break up?” Wendy stood still and looked at Boyce, “I think you're not an irresponsible person, right?”
Boyce took a tough stand, “You can ask for any compensation from me that you think I need to do for you.”
“What if I don't agree with that?” Wendy said firmly.
Boyce frowned, “Don't do that.”
Wendy snorted, “What have I done? You're the one who wants to dump me now. Do I not even have the right refuse to break up?”
“Wendy, for the sake of Officer Miller, there are some things that I don't want to say clearly. I want us to merry meet and merry part rather than making both of us unpleasant.” Boyce looked icily as if the frost was covering his face.
Wendy was stunned for a moment, “What do you mean?”
“Nothing. I want to break up with you. I don't like you, and we'll have no future together,” Boyce did not want to unmask her. For the sake of Officer Miller, Boyce wanted to maintain Officer Miller's dignity.
After all, Officer Miller had nothing to say to him.
He was not an ungrateful person and did not want to make things disgraceful.
Wendy felt a little anxious. She had erased her past affairs, and she thought, ‘Boyce should not find out anything of it.’
“Are you going to blacken my name after breaking up with me?” Wendy still did not believe that Boyce would know the real reason for her divorce.
Boyce's expression and gaze were frosty, “I'll give you a day at most to think it wisely. We break up peacefully and don't make things disgraceful. Otherwise, it's not good for anyone. Officer Miller is a person I respect. I don't want to embarrass him.”
After saying that, Boyce turned around and walked towards the car that parked at the roadside.
Wendy clenched her hands into fists and trembled with rage. She growled in a deep voice, “Boyce!”
##### Chapter 710 Impure Motive
Boyce did not stop his footsteps and opened the car door, then got into the car. He started the car and left the place.
Wendy rooted in the spot and stamped her foot in anger.
She knew from his words that Boyce had aware of something. For the sake of her father, Boyce was not willing to unmask her.
Wendy bit her lip and could only watch helplessly as the car left.
She did not dare to chase after him. She was afraid that Boyce had the real reason for her divorce that was her black history. It was a monkey business and could not be exposed.
She decided to find out why Boyce suddenly changed his mind.
She wondered, ‘Will someone change the character after encountering an accident?’
She turned around with anger and returned home.
At the same time, Theresa was still working overtime in City C. Armand was bending over the table and looked at Theresa eagerly, “Are you hungry? Do you need me to buy you some late-night supper?”
“Didn't we just have dinner?” she was coloring a drawn picture on the computer, and she wanted to find out the most suitable color for the dress style.
Armand smiled, “I'm afraid you'll be hungry.”
“Can you be quiet? You're like flies now,” Theresa looked at him, “If you're still making noise endlessly, then I suggest you go home hurriedly.”
Armand immediately shut up and crouched down in front of her, “I'm not going to talk now, but let me give your leg a massage.”
Theresa moved her hand away from the mouse and swiveled round in her executive chair to face Armand, “Why aren't you going back? Why are you so idle every day? Is the firm going out of business?”
Armand did not stop his hand's movements and gave her legs a good massage. He raised his head and showed her a grin, “You are going to take care of me forever if the firm is closed down.”
Theresa put her foot on his legs and bent towards him. She looked at him, “I don't like men who are good-for-nothing.”
Armand was speechless.
“Don't worry. I'll never let you sleep on the street...”
“Wait, I'm not going to be with you,” Theresa interrupted him.
Armand blinked his eyes with a resentful expression, “How can you go back on your words?”
“What did I say?” Theresa withdrew her legs and crossed her legs elegantly. She looked at him faintly.
“You said to give me a chance,” Armand put his arms around her waist and buried his head in her arms, “Don't you deny it!”
Theresa pushed him away, “Let me go!”
“I'm sorry,” Armand snuggled up in her embrace, “Let's go register for marriage.”
Theresa’s eyes were darkened. She looked indifferently, but the turmoil within her was great, “I've been fooled by you last time. If I fall for it again this time, I'm stupid.”
“We don't register if you're not willing to do so, but don't ever imagine I'll let go of you,” Armand greedily smelled her scent, and his arms embraced her tighter.
Theresa frowned, “Look at you. Can't you be steady like an actual man?”
Armand did not care about it and did not let go of her, “You know well whether I'm a man.”
Theresa was speechless.
“I'll be angry if you don't let go of me,” Theresa pretended to be angry.
Armand let go of her and stood by the side like a wronged wife and said resentfully, “Can't you stop threatening me?”
“You can disobey me. I didn't ask you to listen to me,” Theresa swiveled the executive chair to her computer desk to continue her work.
Armand looked at her with a grievance. It was Theresa who asked him to go to the office and then left him hanging, “You're going too far!”
Theresa pursed her lips, “You can choose to give up if you can't stand it...”
Theresa had not finished her words, and Armand suddenly grabbed her shoulders. He pinned her down on the desk and leaned towards her to kiss her lips.
When Theresa's back was against the edge of the desk, she felt pain and frowned. She did not push him away nor closed her eyes. She lowered her eyes and looked at Armand, who was in a shameful rage.
“Don't say that again. I'll be sad,” Armand was a stone's throw away from her. He looked more serious and less light-minded.
Theresa reached out and gently stroked his face, “You used to hurt me deeply too.”
Armand was instantly discouraged and tilted his head, “Can you not bring up the old scores?”
Theresa fiddled with the short hair in front of his forehead, “You make me suffer a lot, can't I make you suffer?”
Armand was speechless.
“Theresa, I'm serious. How about I settle in City C? So that I can be with you all the time, and I don't have to travel back and forth between City C and City B,” he said as he put his head upon her shoulder.
Theresa looked at the ceiling, and she did not dazzle by feelings and said indifferently, “Let's talk about it later.”
She wondered, ‘It's still uncertain whether we'll be together in the future.’
Armand was the only child of the Bernie family and was brought up by his grandma. Theresa was infertile, and Armand would be the last of the Bernie family line if he wanted to be with Theresa in the future.
Would Armand’s grandma accept Theresa if she learned her physical condition?
Theresa lived in Armand's house for a short time, and she knew how much Elizabeth wanted to have her great-grandchildren.
Buzz…
At this time, the phone in Armand's pocket rang. However, he did not want to answer it and let the phone vibrated.
Theresa pushed him away, “Your phone is ringing.”
Armand buried his face in Theresa's embrace and said sullenly, “I know, but I refuse to answer it.”
“What if it's an urgent call? Pick it up,” Theresa found his pocket and took his phone out, and handed it to Armand.
Armand had to take it over, and he took a glance at the caller ID, which it was calling from home.
He pressed the key to answering the call.
Soon Armand heard an urgent voice of the maid was coming from the other end of the phone, “Mr. Bernie, we have a situation here. Mrs. Bernie fell from the bed.”
Armand straightened his body and asked, “What's going on?”
“I went to dry the clothes just now, and Mrs. Bernie was thirsty at that time. The water cup was a little far from her bed. She lay too close to the edge of the bed and then fell off the bed.”
Armand said, “Call 120. I'll have someone to go there soon.”
“Okay, okay.”
Armand hung up the phone and made a call to Boyce. Boyce had sent Armand a message after he bought a new phone, so Armand knew Boyce's new phone number.
At the same time, Boyce drove his car to the villa and received a call from Armand.
“Hello...”
“Boyce, my grandma just fell off the bed, and I can't go back home right now. Can you go and keep an eye on my grandma first? I'm rushing back now,” Armand said urgently.
Boyce replied, “I got it. You take it easy. I'll call you if anything happens. I'll go to Mrs. Bernie now.”
Armand said alright on the other end of the phone. Boyce hung up the phone and turned the car around, and steered for Armand's house.
Dolores, who was walking along the roadside, saw Boyce's car.
“That's Boyce's car.”
Matthew raised his head to look at the car, but the car had driven away from them.
Dolores frowned, “Why is he going out again? Is he not handling well the matter with Wendy?”
Matthew patted her on the back of her hand, “You're always worrying for nothing.”
Dolores thought Wendy was not a simple woman. She was the one cheating in her marriage but told others that her husband cheated behind her. From this, Wendy had an impure motive.
The intention of Wendy approaching Boyce was not simple.
Perhaps she thought that Boyce was a man of great promise, integrity, and single. Boyce was a perfect man.
Wendy definitely wanted to approach such a perfect man.
“Let's go home,” Matthew put his arms around her waist, “Are you tired?”
Dolores said no.
They greeted the moonlight and walked home.
As soon as they entered the door, they heard a crying sound, and the living room was in a mess.
#####Chapter 711 Looking at Her Happy Look
“What’s going on?” Dolores looked at her son who was standing in front of the sofa.
Andrew pointed at his sister who was still crying, “She wants to play Cat and Mouse but she cries when she loses.”
“You’re a nuisance.” Amanda wiped her tears, ran towards her daddy and mummy and complained, “He’s so annoying.”
Dolores looked at her speechlessly.
She was worried when Amanda got scared and didn’t speak for a long time before, but she turned into her old self again after she recovered.
“When will you turn not to be a telltale?”
Matthew Nelson reached out his hand to stroke her head, “Admit your failure.”
Jasmine Burke gathered up the pillows and toys that had just been thrown everywhere.
Amanda thought that her father would bias her and reprimand her brother, but to her surprise, he didn’t favor himself, so she curled her lips and ran back to help Jasmine clean up the toys.
“This child can’t be spoiled, if you spoil her, she might be crying again this time,” Dolores said to the man beside her.
Matthew turned his head to look at her, “You mean I’m spoiling her?”
Dolores said, “You know it yourself.”
After finishing her words, Jasmine walked over, “Leave it, let Coral clean it up.”
She stood up with her hands clutching the hem of her clothes nervously, “It’s okay, it isn’t tiring.”
Dolores smiled and said friendly, “You’re not used to it, right?”
Jasmine lowered her head, “It’s fine.”
Dolores could see that she was a bit nervous as she felt uncomfortable to live here. After all, she didn’t know anyone and hadn’t spent much time with them together.
“My two children are very rowdy.” Dolores spoke to her to lighten the atmosphere and also tried to get closer with her so that she would be less restrained.
She smiled and said, “They are very cute and smart.”
Dolores sat down on the sofa and asked her to sit as well.
“Let me help to tidy up.” She squatted in front of the toy basket and picked them up with Amanda.
The toys had been spilled when they played Cat and Mouse, and many small parts were rolled everywhere.
“When is Boyce Shawn coming back?” Amanda asked as she tilted her head and looked at Jasmine.
Boyce hadn’t called her and she hadn’t taken the initiative to contact him because she knew that he must be busy and had a lot of things to deal with when he returned.
She couldn’t help him, the only thing she could do was not to cause him any trouble.
“I don’t know too.”
Amanda blinked, “Aren’t you his girlfriend? How come you don’t know his whereabouts?”
Jasmine found her amusing as she seemed to know a lot since she was a kid.
“Even if I’m his girlfriend, I can’t deprive him of his time, right? He has his own things to do.”
Amanda couldn’t fully understand.
“There are so many things in adults’ world. Girlfriends are also changing one after another.”
Soon her smile changed.
She clearly knew that Amanda was referring to her and Wendy Miller.
“She is a child. She is immature.” Dolores was afraid that she would think too much about it.
Jasmine was busy shaking her head, “Actually it’s my fault.”
If looking into it, it seemed that she was the third party who broke up Boyce and Wendy.
Andrew helped his sister to put the toy basket in the corner and said, “Let’s go to the room.”
Amanda nodded, “Is grandpa in the study room? I want to see what they are doing.”
“Let’s go then.” Two of them walked towards the study room hand in hand.
Now they had a close bonding and she forgot that she had just cried.
Coral sat down on the sofa and looked at Dolores, “Did Boyce talk to you about my situation?”
Dolores said, “He had mentioned some, but he didn’t say it in detail.”
Jasmine intertwined her hands and said after remaining silent for a while, “I don’t have parents, let alone a good family background. I can’t help him in any way …”
“Boyce isn’t the kind of person who needs to rely on others’ help in his business, you just need to take good care of his life,” Dolores interrupted her.
She felt that relationship is pure, as long as she was clear about whether she liked or disliked, nothing else mattered and there was no need to care.
If thinking about it too much, it would bind her hands and feet.
Jasmine smiled and said, “Thank you.”
Dolores’s words had enlightened her. Even after following Boyce back, she was still uncertain and had no idea whether she was right or wrong to do so.
Right now she was sure that she and Boyce loved each other.
Although there was an age gap between them, it wasn’t important.
Dolores patted her hands, “Rest early.”
She nodded.
Dolores got up and went upstairs, then pushed the bedroom door open and noticed that someone was talking on the phone. As she vaguely heard him talking about something related to doctor, she felt nervous then lightened her steps to approach, trying to hear what he was saying clearly. However, just as she got closer, Matthew hung up the phone. When he turned around and saw Dolores standing behind him, he froze for a moment, “When did you come up?”
“I just came upstairs. Who were you talking to on the phone?” Dolores tilted her head and asked.
Matthew who had showered wore a silk pyjamas and Dolores could smell the scent of his body wash as he stood close to her.
“The head of the branch in Country M called me, saying that he had contacted a specialist from the Mayo Medical Center to give you a consultation. We’ll go there tomorrow afternoon.”
Dolores nodded and said, “Okay.”
Matthew put his arm around her shoulders and headed inside, “Let’s go to bed.”
She asked him to sleep first, “I’ll go and wash up.”
The next day, they woke up early as well as the two children as they knew they were going to go to school while Jasmine helped Coral to prepare breakfast.
After eating, Dolores packed up the relevant formalities needed for the two children to go to school. The two children were somewhat excited as they put on their school bags.
She smiled as she felt they were cute and wondered what they were so excited about since there were no books in their bags yet.
After dressing them up, she braided her daughter’s hair and explained, “You’re a big kid as you go to primary school …”
“I can’t be wayward, I’ve to be polite and respectful. You’ve said it many times, I know and I remember, you should stop saying it all the time, mommy,” Amanda said with some impatience.
Andrew pinched her cheek, “Look at your impatient look, you’re ugly.”
“You’re the ugly one!” she hated others to comment that.
Dolores sighed and seemed to have no choice with them.
At the table in dining room, Matthew said to Jayden and Kevin, “I’m taking Lola abroad.”
“Go abroad at this time? I think it isn’t convenient for her to go now,” Kevin said.
Matthew had the same opinion too.
If they wanted to go abroad, it was better to wait until she had given birth.
He didn’t hide it from the two elders, “She is in a poor heath, she needs to go for a check-up.”
“What’s going on?” Jayden was worried about Dolores and the baby too.
“I’m not sure yet, I’ll let you know when the test is done and the exact result is released,” He said.
“You guys just go without worries. We’ll take care for home and children,” Kevin said.
However, Jayden wasn’t so optimistic. Since they had to go abroad, it must not be a small deal. He stood up and put his hand on Matthew’s shoulder and gripped on it firmly, “Whether it’s good or bad, tell me truthfully.”
He replied, “Will do.”
Today was the first day of school and both of them fetched the children. The driver drove the car while they sat at the back with the two children.
By the time Amanda woke up in the morning, she always showed a smile on her face.
She seemed to look forward to her primary school life.
There were many people at the entrance of school and the luxury cars which were parked on the roadside in line had blocked the road. The guards were evacuating people around and Matthew frowned when Amanda pulled him to push their ways through the crowd, “Move slower.”
It was easy to bump into others since there was a crowd.
Above the school building, there was a man standing up there and looking at Amanda. His fists clenched tightly together when looking at her smile and happy look.
#####Chapter 712 Carrying My Baby
However, Amanda who was excited, was completely unaware that she had been hated by someone.
At the moment, she still immersed in happiness.
Today the students would stay at school to familiarize with the environment and parents could just drop their children off but many of them didn’t dare to leave. They were afraid that the children weren’t used to stay there on the first day as they were pampered, so the parents looked from afar across the big iron gate.
Dolores also stood among them. Time seemed to have passed in the blink of an eye, as if the children were just babies one second before and now they had stepped into the primary school.
Matthew stood beside her, put his arm around her shoulders and said, “Let’s go, they have to grow up themselves.”
She understood and nodded.
They didn’t return home as he said he had some work stuff to deal with and asked her to wait for him in the car. In fact, he was going to look for Mr. Thompson. He didn’t want Dolores to be there, that was why he lied.
She held her chin and watched the comings and goings of people on the roadside. Probably because she had been sitting in the car for a long time and the air conditioning made her mouth dry, thus she asked the driver to buy a bottle of water for her.
“No ice.”
“Yes,” The driver said and pushed the door open to get down of the car.
Then she held her chin and continued to look through the window at the people. Suddenly she saw a familiar figure in the rear-view mirror, she lowered the window glass and looked back. Soon she saw who the person was clearly.
Meanwhile, she was confused and thought, ‘Why was Abbott Baron here? Was he here for work?’
When she was about to push the car door open and get down, she saw a woman coming after him. Dolores had seen this woman before who had said some inexplicable things to her that day at the hospital.
Matthew had told that she was the sixth sister of Declan Bailey.
How could she and Abbott be together?
She quickly closed the door and looked at them through the rear-view mirror and wanted to find out their exact relationship.
Abbott was impatient and was almost being driven mad by this woman, Emma Bailey as she blocked him at the office and where he lived.
It made him afraid to go to the office or even return home now.
“I say, Miss Bailey, what exactly do you want?” he glared at Emma with anger and felt bored and grumpy, “I’ve fucking quit, I’ve nothing now. Why are you still pestering me?”
After reprieving for a moment, he quickly responded, “By the way, you still have my clues in your hands. I’ve made that very clear, you can give it to whoever you want, I don’t care.”
He patted his cheek, “Isn’t it just a face? Here you go.”
Emma realized that she had miscalculated as the people around Matthew who were tough to handle, weren’t just Armand Bernie and Boyce Shawn, but also Abbott who was dauntless.
She gritted her teeth, “Abbott, don’t you help me?”
“Don’t expect me to help you!” he said decisively.
She clenched her hands, “Fine, since you don’t let me have an easy time, I won’t make it easy for you either!”
He sneered, “When have you ever made things easy for me?”
“Abbott!” she got angry as he was so stubborn.
He was even stupid enough to quit his job. Was he crazy?
She couldn’t understand Abbott, but she knew those clues in her hands couldn’t threaten him as nothing could make him fear since he didn’t even consider his future.
She thought, ‘Obviously the hard tactics doesn’t work, maybe I can try the soft method?’ Suddenly her gaze changed, she calmed her tone and asked in a pleasant manner, “Abbott, how old are you?”
He noticed her expression change and took a step back as he felt that she was trying to set him up and harm him again.
“Why are you asking my age?”
She smiled, “Thirty years old, I think.”
“It’s none of your business how old I am,” He blurted out directly.
She didn’t get angry, instead she smiled more radiantly, “Do you want to be a father?”
He paused for a moment and asked, “What, what do you mean?”
Right now he was the one who turned to be unsettled.
She looked down and touched her stomach, “Literally? Why can’t even understand these simple words?”
“Pff, are you saying that you’re carrying my baby?” he said.
He paused for a moment, “You think I would believe it?”
##### Chapter 713 Crazy
Emma shrugged her shoulders and threw up her hands, “Since you don’t care, I will go for an abortion.”
She turned around and left after saying that. Abbott stood in place for two seconds before he stepped forward and stopped her, “You’re joking with me, right?”
“So you think a woman who just lost her father and whose brother was in jail will make such a joke? The only thing I want to do is to take revenge on those who put them in trouble!” Emma said sternly.
Abbott sneered, “Is the Bailey family all dead? What are you, a woman, doing out here?”
“Abbott!” Emma scolded.
Abbott ignored her and continued speaking, “It is because they are still kind. They can differentiate clearly what is right and wrong. Only you’re crazy and obsessed with revenge.”
“Abbott, you bastard!” Emma disregarded her image and punched at him.
Abbott did not move and let her hit him. He would never hit a woman even though he wanted to do so in his mind.
Dolores had been hearing it for a while and she probably had understood what was going on. She did not get down from the car to reveal it. However, she gave Matthew a call.
It was inside the private room at the moment.
Mr. Thompson had already heard the situation from the doctor who examined Dolores. He had also gone through the report and had gathered experts from this field to do research.
“According to your wife’s condition, it will be advisable to give birth in seven and a half months. If you’re worried about your baby’s health, then let her stay in the hospital and we will observe her situation daily. She can take until eight months at the latest.”
Matthew rested his forehead on his hand as he was unsatisfied with such a solution.
“Actually, your wife is not suitable to have another child. From this medical check-up, her body is considered weak.” Mr. Thompson leaned his body back, “For the safety of the adult, an early delivery is the most conservative option.”
Buzz…
Matthew’s phone rang in his pocket at this moment. He took it out and glanced at the contact notification before picking it up.
“When will you be done?” Dolores asked.
“I will be out soon,” Matthew said.
Dolores replied “alright” and hung up the phone.
Matthew stood up and claimed that he had something else to do. He thanked Mr. Thompson for the appointment. Mr. Thompson also stood up, “You’re welcome. Your father and I are old acquaintances. We will do our best and that’s the best we can achieve at this moment.”
He took out a name card from his pocket and handed it to Matthew, “This is an old acquaintance who we studied together before. He is now the attending physician in Mayo Medical Center. You can go to him if you need to.”
Matthew reached out to take the name card and said, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
Matthew offered to shake his hand, “I have taken up your time today. I will treat you to dinner next time when I’m free.”
Mr. Thompson agreed graciously and Matthew walked him out. Matthew also left after seeing him get into his car.
He walked to the car that was parked at the roadside. Then, he opened the car door and asked, “What’s wrong?”
Dolores moved in to give him a seat. She replied, “Nothing much, I saw Abbott with a woman just now.”
Matthew sat in and closed the car door. He asked, “What woman?”
Dolores told the truth and then asked him, “Do you know?”
Matthew seemed to understand instantly why Abbott had been unusual. It turned out that he was with Emma.
No wonder he wanted to resign.
He said to the driver, “Go to the company.”
After saying that, he called Abbott and told him to go back to the company.
At this moment, Abbott and Emma were on their way to the hospital. Abbott did not believe that he had made her pregnant. So, he forced and dragged her to the hospital for a check-up.
Emma did not want to go but Abbott was too strong. She tried to struggle but she could not escape. She was escorted by him to a taxi. Halfway, Abbott’s phone rang and it was Matthew calling him to go back to the company.
Emma took the advantage to escape from the car when Abbott was answering the call and the driver was waiting for the traffic lights.
She was going to the hospital with her empty belly? Wouldn’t that be exposing herself?
“Emma!” Abbott shouted angrily. Emma ran quickly as she was afraid that Abbott would chase after her again.
Abbott had a headache while looking at the bag which was left on the car seat.
This woman was simply a devil.
The taxi driver asked, “Are you still going?”
Abbott sat back in the taxi and said, “Go to WY Group.”
The taxi driver soon drove and headed towards WY Group.
Abbott paid and got down from the taxi upon arrival. The driver reminded, “Don’t forget anything.”
Abbott looked at the bag Emma had left on the car seat and hesitated for two seconds. He reached out and picked it up. After closing the car door, he headed to the entrance hall. He stopped walking when he saw Boyce’s car enter the car park.
Boyce parked his car and opened the car door. Then, he walked towards Abbott and asked Abbott, “Why are you standing here?”
Abbott said, “I’m waiting for you.”
“Let’s go in together.” Boyce put his hand on Abbott’s shoulder and glanced at the female bag that he was holding. Boyce asked, “Your girlfriend’s bag?”
Abbott looked down and said, “It belongs to someone crazy.”
Boyce laughed gently and did not continue asking.
Abbott asked while walking into the lift, “Why are you here? Is there something wrong?”
Boyce said that Matthew had asked him to come.
Matthew was going to take Dolores abroad and would not be in the country for a while. So, he wanted to ask Boyce to take care of his family. After all, he was a bit worried since there were elders and children at home.
Abbott said, “Coincidentally, it is also Mr. Nelson who asked me to come. Is there something to announce?”
##### Chapter 714 Armand’s Idea
Boyce said, “Not sure about it, perhaps.”
The lift came to a halt at the moment. Both of them walked towards Matthew’s office. Probably because Matthew had informed earlier, the secretary said when she saw both of them coming, “Mr. Nelson is in his office. He said that you can go to find him directly when you come.”
Boyce nodded and said, “Got it.”
Boyce pushed the door when he reached the office. He thought that it was just Matthew, but he did not expect Dolores to be there too. So, he greeted Dolores.
Dolores smiled and nodded, “Please come in.”
Matthew put down the work in his hand and walked over. He let both of them sit down.
Abbott realized that he still had the woman’s bag in his hand, which he had just forgotten to put outside at the doorway. It seemed that he was unable to go out now.
He hid the bag behind his back.
Dolores noticed Abbott’s movement. She saw the bag in his hand and said with a smile, “Does it belong to Ms. Bailey?”
Abbott turned pale instantly. How did Dolores know about Emma?
Dolores addressed her as Ms. Bailey, so she obviously knew her.
How did she know?
“Missus…”
“I was on NH Road today and saw you and Ms. Bailey arguing on the roadside. Is there any conflict?”
“No, it is not like that.” Abbott explained hurriedly, “Things aren’t like the way you think. She is the one who pestered me…”
“Why is she pestering you?” Matthew spoke steadily.
Abbott pursed his lips as he found it difficult to explain.
Matthew was slightly impatient as he was exasperated by Abbott’s stammering look. He disliked people who spoke incoherently the most.
“Aren’t you going to say anything?”
Boyce was also surprised that he and Emma had gotten together. Boyce touched him, “Why don’t you tell us, what is going on?”
Abbott gritted his teeth and confessed to Matthew, “She, she tricked me and wanted to make use of me to provoke your couple relationship. When I refused, she threatened me…”
“How did she threaten you?” Boyce asked curiously.
In fact, everybody cast a curious look at Abbott and waited for his answer.
Abbott wished that he could find a hole to hide in. It was really embarrassing.
It was so difficult to describe.
Boyce frowned, “Abbott, when do you become so sluggish?”
Abbott glared at Boyce and thought that he could not describe it too if this had happened to him!
“How can we help you out if you don’t say anything? Do you think resigning is the best option?” Matthew pulled at his collar and he looked slightly agitated.
Dolores got up and went to pour him a glass of water. He took it over and have a sip. When he put it on the table, he lifted his eyes and looked at Abbott, “You have been with me for so long. You should know my temper. If you have really decided to leave, I won’t stop you. But if you’re being pestered by Emma just because of me, I hope you will be honest about that.”
It was obvious that Abbott being pestered by Emma until his resignation must have some relationship with Matthew. Declan had just been sentenced to prison, so she must have resentment in her heart. Matthew understood, otherwise she would not have sent those messages to Dolores.
“Do you know that she sent those messages to Dolores?”
Abbott gathered his courage and said, “Yes, I made love with her. She took pictures of me in bed and threatened me. If I didn’t agree with her, she was going to expose the pictures. I definitely wouldn’t betray you, so I had no choice but to leave.”
Poof…
Boyce almost laughed out but he restrained his emotions hurriedly.
He was amused by Abbott’s remark about the pictures in bed.
He was an adult and was being threatened by a woman with his pictures in bed?
Boyce held his forehead.
“Just laugh if you want to laugh. Don’t hold it in!” Abbott glared at him.
“Who wants to laugh?” Boyce immediately became serious, “What are you going to do?”
Abbott looked sorrowful, “What can I do? I can only avoid her. Isn’t she thinking of harming people? But she doesn’t harm anybody. I can’t sue her or send her to jail.”
This was indeed a headache.
“An eye for an eye. How she has tricked you, you just trick her back. She is a woman and she is more shameful than you.” Boyce said.
Abbott showed an ugly look, “What kind of stupid ideas are you coming up with?”
“Then what can you do? She still wants to harm people but she hasn’t harmed anybody yet, so you can’t do anything to her. But she is obviously a time bomb and you don’t know when she is going to harm people. She won’t listen to you unless you find her weakness.”
Boyce was right.
Everybody understood this point.
They could do nothing to her for the time being although they knew she did not have good intentions.
Matthew was going to take Dolores abroad today. So, he did not have time to deal with her either. He pondered for a moment, “Abbott.”
Abbott answered immediately.
“I’m going abroad for a trip today. I’m still not sure when I will be back exactly. Do me a favour by calming down her first. I will also find somebody to monitor her every move.” He turned his head and looked at Boyce after saying that, “You will stay at the villa when I’m not around.”
“Why are you going abroad at this moment?” Boyce asked.
He was obviously very surprised.
Matthew did not elaborate much and he only said that there was something to handle.
“Don’t worry.” Boyce said, “It will be inconvenient when you’re abroad. So, leave the task of monitoring Emma to me as well.”
“Emma’s matter should still be handled by me.” Abbott knew that Matthew must be up to something, otherwise he would not have gone abroad at this time.
“Anyway, she pesters me every day. So, I will just deal with her. At the worst, I will just lie to her by promising her.”
Boyce patted his shoulder, “I don’t think that is a definite solution.”
“Then you have another solution?” Abbott asked rhetorically.
“I have a plan. Trick her with your beauty and screw her once and for all.” Boyce threw up his hands.
Abbott looked Boyce up and down and said, “Have you been with Armand for a long time? Why do you speak in the same tone as him?”
Boyce was unaware of this, “Really?”
Abbott gave him a disgusted look, “You should stay away from Armand in the future. How come a good person has learnt something bad.”
He changed the topic of discussion quickly, “If I can make her fall in love with me, then only I persuade her to give up her revenge. Will the chances be higher?”
Boyce was speechless.
Poof!
“You say I’m like Armand, I think you’re the one who looks like him. This idea is what Armand can think of.”
Abbott scratched his head, “Is that so?”
“We know that she is vengeful and also her behaviour, so it is not difficult to guard against her,” Boyce said in this way to reassure Matthew.
He was quite relieved with Boyce around here.
Abbott also said, “Then I will still come back to work since the company can’t be left unattended while you’re gone. She is just a woman and I will definitely keep an eye on her so that she has no chances of creating troubles.”
“Alright, feel free to contact me if anything happens.” Matthew stood up and took Dolores back home. They still had to prepare for the afternoon flight.
Abbott stayed at the office. He took the initiative to contact Emma and tell her that he had understood the situation. He wanted to meet and talk to her.
Boyce also had something to do. So, he left the company and went to the school to deal with Jasmine’s issue. Then, he had to visit Officer Miller.
He saw Wendy’s car at the entrance when he went to visit the headmaster.
Boyce was puzzled. Why did she come to the school?
#####Chapter 715 You Are Despicable
Boyce walked to the office building with doubts in his mind and found the principal's office. When he raised his hand and prepared to knock on the door, he heard Wendy’s voice.
“What makes you look for me?” The voice that spoke was that of a woman, the daughter of the principal, who was very close to Wendy.
“Can’t I come to you if I have nothing to do?” Wendy’s voice doesn’t sound energetic.
“What’s happened? Aren’t you having a good relationship with your boyfriend?” The principal's daughter could see that Wendy’s expression didn’t seem good. 
Wendy nodded her head, “We might break up.”
She didn’t dare to argue with Boyce as she was afraid that he knew her dark past which was something scandalous that she didn’t dare to disclose. 
She could only give up this relationship even though she was unwilling to do so.
“Hasn’t that girl called Jasmine Burke already left City B? Wasn't she reviewing herself and was embarrassed in front of all the teachers and students in school last time? How dare she have the shame to compete with you for a man?” 
“No, she is a stupid woman.” Wendy had no idea that Jasmine had already returned and even returned together with Boyce.
It was a wise move where Boyce had arranged for Jasmine to stay at Matthew Nelson’s house because Wendy had suspected and purposely went to Boyce’s house, but she couldn't find anyone there. 
The reason why she came to school was also to make sure if Jasmine had come back again, but it turned out she was not here at school either. 
“I think that girl is pretty smart, why has she become foolish?” The principal’s daughter asked with a smile. 
Wendy was close to her, so she spoke directly, “Do you know that she even looked for me before she left?”
“Huh, why did she look for you?”
“She had low self-esteem. She thought she would hinder Boyce and said that Boyce and I can have a good future if both of us are together. She hoped that I would treat him well. In fact, I also want to treat him well, but he has changed his mind now.” Wendy was furious once she recalled Boyce’s tough attitude. “Was his brain damaged when he drowned for a while? He clearly promised to go out with me before, and then now he wants to break up with me right after he comes back and tells me that we’re not suitable for each other and that he doesn't like me.” 
“Maybe it’s true that he doesn’t like you.” The principal’s daughter laughed.
“I’m disgusted.” Wendy pretended that she was angry.
Boyce was standing erect outside the door. Even though his face remained expressionless, his heart was filled with emotions.
It turned out to be Wendy was the one who made him come to school and ran into Jasmine when she was reviewing herself in front of all the teachers and students.
The reason why Jasmine chose to leave him was that she was afraid of holding him back. 
Suddenly he felt that the girl was too silly. 
It’s heart-breaking to know her silliness. 
Luckily, he had known all about it and would be able to take good care of her in the future.
He clenched his hands and repeated it several times until his body relaxed considerably. He raised his hand and knocked on the door.
“Who is this?” The principal's daughter froze for a moment when she saw it was Boyce after she opened the door.
Wendy’s face changed in a flash right after she saw the person who was standing at the door. Perhaps it was because she had done something wrong and she had a guilty conscience, the first thing that came to her mind was, ‘When does he come? Does he hear anything?’
“Bo... Boyce, what’re you doing here?” She stood up from the sofa.
Boyce’s face was calm, “I’m here for the principal to discuss something.”
“You may come in, my father has gone for a meeting, and he will come back later.” The principal’s daughter pulled herself away and let him in.
Boyce stepped in and his eyes rested on Wendy’s face. He thought he knew her well. After all, her father was such a decent person, she should be like his father too. 
At that moment, he realised that he was wrong and it’s ridiculous. 
“Are you free? Let’s go outside together and have a few words,” Boyce said. He wanted to take this opportunity to speak to her clearly.
“You guys can talk here if you have anything to say. I’ll go out first.” The principal’s daughter gave Wendy a wink, trying to hint that she should take this opportunity to explain. 
She then walked out of the office after giving Wendy a hint and closed the office door behind her.
“What… What do you want to talk about with me?” Wendy felt vaguely uneasy.
It was like Boyce was about to have a showdown with him. Nevertheless, she was right in her perception.
Boyce got right to the point and said, “I unintentionally know why you get divorced.”
Wendy’s body immediately stiffened and she firmly refused, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You understand and know exactly what I’m talking about. It is your business that you’re unwilling to admit it but it is my business that I know it is a fact. It is unintentional today that I have overheard something I shouldn’t have. I used to think that you should be a good person but now I just find that I’m wrong and we’re really not suitable for each other.”
Wendy bit her lip, “You eavesdropped on us.”
“I’ve told you that I didn’t mean to listen.” Boyce sat down, “As long as you promise to break up, I can keep your secret for the sake of Officer Miller. I’m willing to forgive you once but only this time.” 
He said and gazed at her sharply, “Bullying a parentless orphan is despicable.”
Wendy clenched her hands into fists and gritted her teeth, “Are you here for a lesson to me?”
Boyce snorted scornfully, “I’m not your parent so definitely I don’t have the right to lecture you. I just feel bad for Officer Miller. If he knows what you have done, he must be very sad. Not to mention if he knows that I am aware of that, he will even feel disgraced. You shall know that your father has always been open and honest, especially as he is a dignified person.”
Of course, Wendy knew it, which was why she was afraid that her secret had been disclosed. 
She clearly understood that she had no way out but to agree to Boyce’s proposal. 
“I promise you that we will break up peacefully. However, you must promise that you will not tell anyone, and the secret must die with you!”
“Sure.”
Boyce agreed immediately.
His purpose was to end his relationship with Wendy, he had no plan to put the situation into a deadlock. He was willing to keep it a secret even for the sake of Officer Miller. 
“I hope you understand that all my tolerance today is for the sake of your father.” Boyce’s expression was extraordinarily cold and stern. It was the first time Wendy had seen such an expression of Boyce. Her heart fiercely cringed, then she grabbed her bag on the sofa and ran out.
#####Chapter 716 The Anxiety of Armand’s Grandma
The principal’s daughter was standing in the corridor outside the door. While she was not paying attention, she heard the door opening and immediately looked over. Just as she wanted to greet Wendy, she had already run out.
She stared at Wendy’s back and her eyebrows slightly raised, ‘Are they quarrelling?’
She then glanced into the room again but didn’t take the initiative to go in. It seemed like it was an unpleasant conversation. 
After about twenty minutes, the principal finished the meeting and came from the other end of the corridor, seeing her daughter standing in the doorway. He asked, “Why are you standing here?”
His daughter smiled, “You have a guest.” 
The principal nodded as if he knew who it would be.
He had been contacted by Boyce earlier.
“You know someone is coming to see you?” his daughter asked.
The principal admitted it.
Following her father into the office, she picked up the bag on the sofa and said to him, “I’ll go first as you have work now.”
The principal waved his hand, “Both Nicolas and you come back home tonight for dinner.”
Nicolas was the principal’s son-in-law. The principal missed his daughter, so he asked her and his son-in-law to go home for dinner.
Her daughter waved her hand and acknowledged that then she walked out of the office and closed the door.
Boyce stood up and the principal made a sign to ask him to sit down. He walked to the front of the office desk and sat down. He picked up the thermos on the table and took a sip of water before speaking, “Are you talking about the student?”
Boyce walked over and said, “Her name is Jasmine, you should have an impression of her.”
The principal did have an impression of her, and he looked up at Boyce as if he remembered that the student was the one who had a scandal with him at that time. 
“Are you really in a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship with her?” The principal asked. 
Boyce said, “Yes.”
“Why are you here today even though she’s already dropped out of school?” The principal crossed his arms on his desk.
“I’m not sure if you understand why she dropped out of school.”
“I heard from her teacher who was responsible for her that she dropped out of school due to family matters.”
“Her mother passed away and there was no one to bury her so she went back to give her mother a burial as her mother was her only family member. The reason why she made the wrong decision was that she was too upset at that time and couldn’t accept the fact for a while. Therefore, I hope you can give her another chance, it’s not easy for her to get into this university and be accepted.”
The principal considered it for a few moments, “I’ve read her file and she’s been doing well except the scandal with you. However, it is truly not good behaviour that she chooses to drop out.”
Boyce replied, “Of course, we all know it’s not right. Please give her another chance.”
“Well, I can give her another chance for the sake of Officer Miller and you, and her good studies. However, this will be the only time. Otherwise, no matter how good her grades are but her behaviour is bad, we won’t give her another chance anymore.” The principal was a sensible man as he understood that the relationship between Boyce and Officer Miller was close and that he and Officer Miller had a good relationship. 
Considering the relationship between them, he agreed easily.
Boyce thanked the principal. 
The principal asked Jasmine to come over early to report to the teacher who would be responsible for her. 
Boyce agreed. 
After talking to the principal for a while longer, mostly about Jasmine, the principal finally said, “Please help me to greet your boss.”
Boyce agreed. He then went straight from the school to the villa. When he’s back, he bumped into both Matthew Nelson and Dolores Flores who were out and about to depart to the airport.
Boyce helped the driver to put the luggage into the trunk and said, “Let me take you to the airport.”
Dolores rejected him and asked him, “Have you solved the problem between Wendy and you?”
“Yes, she has agreed to break up peacefully,” Boyce replied.
Dolores was surprised that it was settled so quickly, she had thought that Wendy would pester Boyce and not let him go.
But on her second thought, Wendy might feel embarrassed to continue pestering as Boyce had known the real reason for her divorce.
“Jasmine is the only one in the villa, you may go in,” Dolores said to Boyce.
Neither Jayden Nelson nor Kevin Forbis was home, and Coral had gone to the supermarket.
“We’re out of time, let’s leave first.”
The driver opened the back seat door and Matthew shielded Dolores’s head and told her to be careful and not to hit her head. Dolores bent down to get into the car. Matthew did not get in immediately but instead, he looked to Boyce and said, “Contact me anytime.”
“You guys may leave without worries,” Boyce said.
Matthew trusted Boyce’s ability; he nodded his head and bent down to get in the car.
After watching the car drive away, Boyce entered the house whereas Jasmine was cleaning up the table. When she heard the door sound, she thought Dolores had forgotten something. She looked up and asked, “What you...”
Before she could finish her sentence, she already found out the person who came in was Boyce, not Dolores. She then put down the rag in her hand and walked over, “Why are you coming back at this time?”
Boyce said, “I just come back as I finish my work.”
“They’ve just left…”
“I know that as I just met them at the door.” Boyce gazed at her. Even though Jasmine grew up in a bad family, her heart was untainted. It was pure and very rare.
Boyce reached out and hugged her between his arms, he said, “Jasmine, let’s get married.”
Jasmine froze for a moment, hugged his waist back and asked, “Have you thought it through?”
Boyce replied, “Yes, I’ve thought it clearly. In terms of school, you may go back to class soon. If you think it’s too early, I can wait until you graduate…”
“I want to get married to you.” Jasmine tightly wrapped her arms around his neck, “I don’t want to wait anymore and I’m afraid of any changes.”
Boyce did also consider her before proposing marriage, he was afraid that there would be any misunderstandings and that people would spread the rumours and it would leave an impact on her. 
Jasmine had attained the age of an adult. Once they had married, their relationship would be legal and no one else could say anything. 
Jasmine suddenly let go of him and asked if he knew why Dolores had left.
Boyce shook his head and said, “I’m not quite sure.”
“I know, it seems to be related to her pregnancy. The doctor asks for early delivery but they are not comfortable with it, so they decide to go abroad to a more authoritative hospital for a check-up.” She heard it because Dolores and Matthew spoke without deliberately avoiding her.
Boyce finally understood why Matthew chose to go abroad at this time. He took a deep breath, he could only wish them well and all he could do was to help him to look after his family.
“I don’t need to go back to the office. Later, let us pick up the two kids from school together. You’ve been here for two days, you should know them by now.”
Jasmine nodded, “Yes, but you don’t need to pick up the kids. The job has already been taken by someone else.”
Both Jayden and Kevin were responsible for the two children and normally others were not allowed to interfere.
“Isn’t the office busy?” Jasmine asked. 
Boyce said, “I’ve just returned so I’m not busy these two days.”
Jasmine said, “Then let’s prepare dinner together.”
She pulled Boyce into the kitchen, Boyce rubbed his nose, “You know that I don’t know how to cook.” 
Jasmine twisted her head to look at him, she suddenly stood on her tiptoe and kissed him on his cheek. She said with a smile, “Then you watch me do it.”
Boyce froze for a moment, reaching out to touch his face.”
Jasmine liked the way he was in a daze, it was so cute. She said mischievously, "Look at you, it's just a kiss. No, I'll let you kiss me too."
Boyce always felt guilty towards Jasmine as he felt like he was committing a crime while he got too close with her. 
Jasmine knew what Boyce was uncomfortable with, so she didn’t continue to tease him. She then said with a smile, “Come and help me to peel the lotus root.”
Boyce said, “Sure.”
Jasmine passed him the peeling knife, Boyce took it and asked, “How do you want to cook the lotus root?”
“I’m going to make lotus root balls for the two children.” Jasmine lowered her head while cutting the meat.
The pork chosen for the lotus root balls had to be both fatty and lean, and it must be chopped. The lotus root had to be blended and mixed with the chopped meat. The next step was to form the balls and steam them on the plates.
Next up, she boiled the soup and put some shrimp, vegetables, nori and the steamed lotus root balls into the soup. After she added a little sesame oil, the lotus root balls with nori soup were ready. It contained the fresh taste of shrimp and nori while the vegetable contained vitamins. Without adding too many ingredients, the soup had a light taste, and it was very suitable for summer as it was healthy and delicious.
“You even know how to cook dishes like this?” Boyce thought she only knew how to cook some simple dishes.
Jasmine said, “Coral taught me how to cook and she said both two children liked this dish.”
Boyce looked at her, “Do you like them a lot?”
Jasmine lowered her face, she rubbed the lotus roots with a wipe and said, “Of course, I know they are close with you. I will treat everyone around you nicely. But then again, both of them are fun.”
They were always noisy, and their existence had made this villa lively.
At first, she was afraid that she would be uncomfortable here. However, after spending time together, she found out that all of them were kind and nice to deal with even though they had unusual wealth and social status.
Boyce leaned against the basin while watching her. Looking at Jasmine who was eloquent and her serene face, without him knowing, a smile was spilling from the corners of his lips. 
In hospital…
After Elizabeth fell and was taken to the hospital, the doctor checked that there was no serious injury. Once Armand rushed back from city C, he immediately came to the hospital.
Elizabeth was lying in bed. She was happy to see her grandson but also felt disconsolate at the same time.
Worrying about her grandson’s marriage decision has become anxiety to her.
Elizabeth took Armand’s hand, “Tell me that I can see you getting married and let me see my grandson when I’m still alive.”
#####Chapter 717 Where Should I go? 
Armand closed his eyes and suppressed the depression in his heart, “Grandma, can we change the topic?”
Elizabeth was unhappy, “Why do I have to change the topic? This is the only hope of the rest of my life, when can you actually fulfill my wish?”
Armand leaned on Elizabeth's legs and kept silent.
He didn't want to tell Elizabeth that he had reconciled and started over with Theresa, but Theresa's health condition...
If Elizabeth knew, she would definitely nag in front of Theresa about wanting her great-grandson, Theresa would feel mentally burdened.
It wasn't easy for him to reconcile and start over with Theresa, what should he do if she ran away because Elizabeth wanted a great-grandson?
Elizabeth hated how Armand didn't say anything, she patted his back and said, “Why don't you speak? Do you want to make me angry?”
Armand buried his face in the blanket and said, “Grandma, I beg you, you just need to be in charge of having a grandson. As for great-grandson, that's my problem and it has nothing to do with you... Please don't worry about it anymore, okay?”
Elizabeth was surprised, “What do you mean?”
Armand acted dumb and didn't lift his face, Elizabeth tugged his hair and said, “Speak clearly.”
“Ouch, it hurts.” Armand frowned, “You're so cruel, am I your real grandson?”
“What do you think? Wouldn’t I throw you away long ago if you were not? Speak now, what did you mean by that?” Elizabeth kept tugging his hair.
Armand's face looked bitter, “Who are you telling me to have a child with?”
“Theresa doesn't want to get back with you so you have to find a new one.” Elizabeth felt sorry for Theresa at heart but she couldn't let the Bernie family end in Armand's generation.
She had old fashioned thoughts, she just wanted to see Armand get married and have children while she was still alive, otherwise, she would feel ashamed when she met her partner in the afterlife.
Armand held Elizabeth's hands, “Grandma, I only like Theresa, I don't want others...”
“Then if she doesn't forgive you, are you planning to not get married for all your life?” Elizabeth glared at him, as long as Armand said 'yes, she could hit him until he was willing to get married.
“As long as I try hard, I still can get Theresa back, give me some time and don't force me.”
“I also want to give you time, but God isn't giving me time, how many more days can I stay alive?” Elizabeth was well aware that she was old, she was even paralyzed, how many more days could she stay alive?
“Armand, I don't hope for anything else from you, they said that a man should be able to stand on his own at the age of thirty, you don't even have a family, how will you stand on your own?” Elizabeth sincerely wished, “No matter what, you must let me see my great-grandson born when I'm still alive.”
Armand felt like his brain was going to burst, hearing Elizabeth mentioning great-grandson, his feelings were inexplicable. 
Pain?
Pain couldn't describe his feelings at that time. 
“The doctor told you to rest a lot, listen to him, take good care of your health, only with good health you'll get to see me get married and have children, isn’t that so?”
Elizabeth was indeed old, so her energy was not as good as before.
Armand stayed there, the cellphone in his pocket suddenly buzzed, he slowly stood up, walked out the ward, and took out his cellphone... Theresa's number was shown on the screen, he pressed the 'accept call' button, and put it beside his ear, “Theresa.”
Theresa just finished with her work and she was worried about Elizabeth's situation, so she called and asked him.
“It's fine, don't worry, she's at the hospital now, the doctor had checked and said that it's not a big deal.” Armand stood in front of the window as he looked outside, “Theresa.”
“Hm?”
Armand wanted to say a lot of things to her but he couldn't say anything at all.
As if Theresa had sensed that he was gloomy so she didn't ask further, she didn't hang up either as she listened to his breath.
After some time, Armand said, “Are you busy?”
“I just sent a customer away.” Theresa sat in front of the work desk and asked, “Did something happen to you?”
Armand said, “I miss you.”
Theresa scratched the edge of the desk as she looked down, “Armand, when can you be more serious?”
“Am I not serious?” Armand asked.
“What do you think?”
“Don't tell me that if I hide the fact that I clearly miss you, that's called serious?” Armand thought that it was not worth doing, “That's a fake serious, I'm a man of honor, I'll say what I think at heart, I'm an honest person, isn't that so, Theresa?”
“Go away!”
Armand smiled, “Where should I go? To your place?”
Theresa said, “Don't keep coming, take good care of Grandma.”
Armand blamed himself more and more, how great would it be if the previous matter didn't happen? They would have children and a happy family by then.
But...
There were no ifs and no 'medicine' for regrets in this world.
He was the one at fault to cause the scene that day.
“Theresa, I'll definitely treat you well, no matter what happens, I won't let you go again.”
Theresa was sensitive, hearing Armand's words, she could pretty much guess what had happened but she didn't say it straight to Armand.
She seriously said, “Armand, I don't want you to be in great pain, tell me if you're too tired, I won't blame you .”
“What are you talking about?!” Armand was angry in an instant, “Don't overthink it.”
Theresa looked at the window in a daze, “I didn't overthink, take good care of yourself.”
Armand said yes, “I'm afraid that I can't visit you these days, Grandma must be observed in the hospital, I must stay in the hospital and take care of her.”
“I know, you don't need to come every time, just take gold care of Grandma,” Theresa said.
Armand softly said yes.
Customers came to the store after that, Theresa hung up the call and greeted the customer, when she was discussing the design with the customer, Oscar walked in with take-away boxes.
Theresa was busy, he didn't come over and disturb her, he just sat by the side and watched her work. 
He only spoke when Theresa finished her work, “You haven't had dinner, right?”
Theresa put the tablet down, sat down, saw the takeaway boxes on the desk, and asked, “Did you buy this for me?”
Oscar nodded, “Lamb stew.”
Theresa was speechless.
“I don't eat that.” she couldn't bear the mutton smell.
“Try one.” Oscar was so confident that she would like it.
Theresa still refused, “I don't want to.”
“Try it.” Oscar opened the box, wore a disposable glove, took a piece, and gave her, “Smell it, does it smell?”
Theresa tried to smell it, there was no mutton smell. 
Oscar put it closer to her mouth, “Have a bite.”
Theresa tried to bite a bit, there was really no mutton smell and it was a slice of good meat.
Oscar smiled, “I didn't lie to you, right? Wear the gloves, there's a straw here you can suck the bones marrow.”
Theresa smiled, she took the glove and wore it as she said, “Why are you so kind to me?”
“You call me Uncle, shouldn't I love you dearly like a niece?” Oscar leaned on the chair as he looked at Theresa.
“Uncle, have you had your meal?” Theresa looked up. 
Oscar said, “Yes, I have.”
After saying that, he stood up and poured a glass of water for Theresa.
“Uncle, seriously, your sense of fashion is really bad.” Every time she saw Oscar's flashy clothes, she couldn't help ridiculing him.
Oscar felt that his clothes were great, “There are so many young ladies that like me.”
“Then the ladies that like you must be blind.” Theresa harshly said that.
“Oh my, I loved you for nothing.” Oscar was so angry that he laughed, “From now on, I won't buy food for you.”
Theresa immediately admitted her fault, “Olders always forgive the unintentional offensive words from the young.”
“Now that's the way,” Oscar said.
He said a sentence and she replied with another sentence, time went so fast when they talked and laughed, they closed the store, Oscar felt that it wasn't safe for a woman alone so he took the initiative to send her home. 
The second day in City B, Boyce went to the bureau to work in the morning but Mrs. Miller blocked him at the entrance.
#####Chapter 718 What Are You Fussing About? 
Mrs. Miller heard from Wendy that she agreed to break up with Boyce, Mrs. Miller was so angry.
She felt that back then, Boyce had agreed on himself to date Wendy.
Officer Miller had promoted his job, too. 
She felt so angry at heart, early in the morning she went to the bureau without letting Officer Miller and Wendy know.
Boyce hadn't even entered the door, she already blocked him by the entrance, her face looked so cold as she asked for Boyce's statement.
“We already broke up, not sure what are you doing now?” Boyce coldly said that.
He didn't expect her to block him in front of his workplace's entrance.
“Boyce, you're so ungrateful! At first, you agreed to date, right? None of us forced you, right? Why do you just break up after saying so now?” Mrs. Miller's face was all red, “I don't care, you must give me an explanation.”
Boyce frowned without saying anything.
Everyone in the bureau knew Mrs. Miller, a colleague came over and persuaded her, “What if I bring you to Officer Miller's office to have a seat?”
“No, I want you to give me a statement, say it, he said that he wanted to date my Wendy, but then he dumped Wendy in an instant, what's with his personality?” seemed like Mrs. Miller was venting her grievances to others, but she was actually defaming Boyce.
Her words meant to say that Boyce's words couldn't be trusted and his personality was bad.
It wasn't like others could comment as well, they could only listen in silence.
“Say it, how could there be such an ungrateful person? Officer Miller treated him like a son, what about him? He stabbed us from the back, the world keeps rolling, aren't you afraid of getting your punishment?” Mrs. Miller knew that she couldn't step back anymore so she was willing to risk anything.
Boyce stared at Mrs. Miller in silence, he suddenly thought that Wendy's hypocritical character might have come from her.
“You better go home and ask your daughter, why did she agree to break up...”
“Why else? She's tender-hearted, she has a conscience, unlike you... Why else would it be?” Mrs. Miller sneered, “You must apologize to me in front of everyone today.”
Boyce stood still, “I did nothing wrong, I don't need to apologize to you, making a fuss like this is embarrassing Officer Miller, if there's anything you want to say, you can say it in my office ...”
“Don't think that you're so great after becoming the Deputy Director, I tell you what, this matter won't be finished if you don't apologize to me today.” Mrs. Miller just stood by the entrance, blocking the way, nearly everyone who was supposed to work at that time had arrived, many people were getting blocked by the door.
It was useless, no matter who had persuaded her.
“If my Officer Miller didn't select and promote you, who the heck are you? Now you're being hypocritical to me, what the heck?” Mrs. Miller carried her bag, standing fiercely, in a manner of 'if Boyce didn't apologize to her, the matter wouldn't be finished.
Everyone understood Boyce's character, Officer Miller did appreciate Boyce, if Boyce wasn't capable, he wouldn’t be in his current position at that time. 
But with her status, it wasn't like everyone could say something to her, but they all looked down on her in their hearts.
Officer Miller had such a good character, amiable, upright, and righteous.
But Mrs. Miller...
Alas...
Everyone sighed in their hearts.
Boyce took his cellphone out, he was going to contact Wendy and tell her to bring Mrs. Miller away, Mrs. Miller thought that he was going to contact Officer Miller, so she hit his cellphone as she angrily said, “Who are you going to tell on?”
His cellphone fell to the floor, the screen cracked, someone picked it up, gave it to Boyce, and said, “The screen of the phone is broken.”
Boyce sighed deeply, “Do you have to make a fuss here?”
Mrs. Miller sneered, “So you're afraid now? Or did you find your conscience?”
“What are you fussing about?!” there was an angry shout coming out of the crowd.
#####Chapter 719 Made Her Husband Pass Out From Anger
Everyone turned their heads around, only to see Officer Miller striding in their way with a gloomy expression. They moved aside to make way for him, greeting him in a low voice, “Officer Miller.”
The man didn’t respond. He was infuriated.
Last night, Officer Miller caught a cold. His wife urged him to visit the hospital for a check-up today, so he went, thinking that his wife was concerned about him. But on the way there, he felt that something was off.
His wife wasn’t happy since their daughter came home last night. She told them that she had broken up with Boyce. 
Officer Miller thought his wife might have some tricks brewing in her mind, and as expected, she did.
After getting him to the hospital, she came to the office to stir a fight.
It made Officer Miller feel ashamed.
Mrs. Miller was afraid of her husband. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have sent him away to the hospital before she came to the station.
“You…didn’t you go to the hospital?”
“Hmph! Instead of dying from illness, you’re going to infuriate me to death first. How many times have I told you to leave the children’s matters alone? Did you ever listen to my words? Are you only going to keep quiet when I divorce you?” Officer Miller’s face was red from anger, and no one had ever seen him this way before. After being in a high position for many years, most people would fear him when he got furious.
What more to say for Mrs. Miller who was a woman?
She was also scared of her husband, but fortunately, he wasn’t one to get mad often. However, she had indeed riled him up this time around.
“What are you dreaming away about? Move!”
It was shameful for Mrs. Miller to get scolded by her husband in front of so many people, but she did not dare to retort and could only suppress her dissatisfaction as she moved aside.
“Get back to work, everyone. Don’t stay around here.” Officer Miller ordered.
The situation wasn’t a joyful one, and it wasn’t good to meddle in their superior’s business so everyone quickly walked away from the scene and entered the building.
“You should go back to work too.” Officer Milled said to Boyce who hadn’t left.
Boyce nodded and entered the office after everyone else.
Mrs. Miller was not happy as she did not get what she wanted and even got reprimanded by her husband. She called out, “Boyce…”
Officer Miller threw a glare in her direction right away. It made her shook in fear for a moment and immediately kept quiet.
Boyce pretended not to hear that and headed to his office.
“He betrayed our daughter. How can you still side him…”
“Shut up!” Officer Miller was shaking from fury at this point, “Come in with me.”
Mrs. Miller held the bag in her hand tightly and followed Officer Miller into his office, who banged the door shut behind them. If somebody were to look closely, they can definitely see the ceiling shook a little.
Now, she did not dare to say a word anymore and just stood by the door.
“What the hell do you want? You came here to embarrass me, you know that? Do you want me to die an early death?” Officer Miller walked back and forth in his office with his hands on his back.
Mrs. Miller whispered, “I was just trying to do something for our daughter. Who does he think he is to just break up as he wishes?”
That made Officer Miller stop in his tracks to stare at his wife, “What? Can’t couples in relationships break up? Your daughter has even gotten a divorce before!”
“The divorce wasn’t her fault…”
“It doesn’t matter who was at fault, but she did go through a divorce, didn’t she? Even married couples divorce, so why can’t people break up? Why must he marry your daughter? What’s so great about her?” Mrs. Miller couldn’t retort to anything her husband said.
She pursed her lips and said in a soft voice, “Whose father are you? It seemed that Boyce is your son from the way you talk…”
Officer Miller held his chest angrily, thinking to himself, ‘Why can’t I get my words through to this woman?’
“Are you trying to enrage me to death?” Officer Miller slammed his palm to the table vigorously, “How much have I sinned in my past life to be married with such an unreasonable woman like you?!”
Mrs. Miller didn’t feel that she was at fault at all. Upon seeing how mad her husband was, she didn’t restrain herself anymore and fought back, “I know you look down on me. You wouldn’t have married me back then if it wasn’t for your father. You still don’t love me after so many years.”
Officer Miller felt a wave of heat rushing into his head. It made him dizzy.
He had long accepted his fate after so many years. It was good enough for him that she gave birth to their daughter and took care of the family. He treated her well too, so why was she bringing those things from the past up again now?
Officer Miller felt that he had lived his life in vain!
He gasped hard, “You! You, you must be trying to piss me off to death. You want me gone, don’t you?”
“Isn’t what I said correct? Would you have married me if it wasn’t because of your father?”
“We’ve been married for decades. Why does it matter now?! Ah --!” Officer Miller clutched his heart, feeling suffocated and out of breath. Mrs. Miller rushed to him and patted his back, “What’s happening…”
Officer Miller shoved her away, “You’re going to piss me off to death!”
He beat his chest, thinking to himself, ‘How did he get himself involved with such a woman?’
She was going to keep going until he was dead!
“I’m just patting your back, why is that pissing you off?” Why are you so ungrateful? I only looked for Boyce because I wanted to get justice for our daughter! Since you can’t lecture him because you’re his superior, I’ll do it! Who do you think I’m doing it for? Is it not for our daughter? You’re the one who is on the wrong side…”
Before she could finish her sentence, Officer Miller had passed out from anger.
“Ah! Honey!” Mrs. Miller was shocked, “Somebody! Somebody help!”
Soon, the door to his office was pushed open. When the other officers saw that Officer Miller had fainted, they quickly carried him into the car to send him to the hospital.
Mrs. Miller followed from behind, “Should we call the ambulance instead?”
“We’ll need to wait if we called for the ambulance. It’s quicker if we just send Officer Miller to the hospital now.”
She agreed and quickly helped to put her husband in the backseat of the car. She put his head on her lap, urging, “Hurry up.”
“Yes, madam. Sit tight.”
The car soon rushed into the streets.
Not long later, the car parked at the entrance of the hospital. At this time, a taxi stopped nearby them too.
#####Chapter 720 Elizabeth’s Determination
Theresa came down from the taxi with a bouquet of fresh flowers in her arms. She saw a group of medical staff rushing out of the hospital with a stretcher. They quickly opened the door to the backseat of the other car at the entrance to get an unconscious man to the emergency room as soon as possible.
She took a glance only, and didn’t pay too much attention to the scene as she didn’t know Officer Miller. She didn’t tell Armand that she was coming to the hospital as she wanted to give him a surprise. Besides, she wanted to visit Armand’s grandma too.
After all, she was Armand’s only relative now. Now that she was hospitalized, Theresa felt obliged to pay her a visit.
When she arrived at the ward, she asked for Elizabeth’s room number from the nurse station and headed over.
Armand was a filial grandson. Elizabeth was staying in the VIP room. It was silent and clean there, but the air was still filled with a faint smell of disinfectant.
When Theresa reached the door of Elizabeth’s ward, she raised her hand to knock on the door, but before she could do so, she heard Armand’s wail of pain. That made her smile a little.
Elizabeth seemed to be in pretty good spirits. She still had the energy to beat Armand up.
Theresa put her hand down, and when she was about to knock on the door again, Elizabeth’s furious voice came through, “Armand, don’t fool me anymore. You said that Theresa had forgiven you, so where is she? You lied to me, didn’t you? You don’t want to give me my great-grandson, do you?”
Her hand froze mid-air. ‘Great-grandson?’
She knew better than anyone that Elizabeth’s wish was to have a great-grandson. When she was with Armand in the past, Elizabeth was already eager.
“I did not lie to you! As for your great-grandson, that’s my private business. Please, grandma, don’t bug me about it anymore, okay? I’ve had enough listening to that. Please just let it go.”
“That’s my only wish. I just want you to get married and give me my great-grandson. I wouldn’t care about any of your other matters.” Elizabeth was particularly firm on this.
Armand felt that his head was about to explode.
She nagged about this all day long, and it was driving Armand nuts.
“I don’t like kids, and I don’t want to have children…”
Slap!
“Ouch!” Armand held onto his arm, “Grandma, how do you have so much strength? You’re going to disable me if you hit me again. By then, how can I have children?”
“You’re not disabled now, and I don’t see you have children too. Let me tell you this, Armand. You’re not a kid anymore, don’t joke around. I’m serious about this, and you cannot let me die with regrets.”
“You’re going to live forever…”
“Kiddo!” Elizabeth gave him a slap on the arm again. Armand leaned closer towards her, “You might as well beat me up to death now. I’m going to go crazy from your naggings anyway.”
Elizabeth was truly furious now, “Do you think I like to nag you? If you have brothers, I wouldn’t care if you’re single for your whole life. Do you think it was easy for me to raise you?”
As she said, her eyes became teary, “Your dad passed away just like that, and your grandpa left me a long time ago too…”
Armand was afraid that his grandmother would bring up the past. He quickly drew a piece of tissue and wiped her tears.
“I won’t ask much from you. I just don’t want to see you single when I’m dead. How can I die in peace? How could I, knowing that our family’s going to cease to exist after this generation?”
Armand laid at the side of the bed irreverently. He didn’t want to talk nor move.
He really did not want to accompany her here.
However, she was old and had no children by her side anymore. Her only son had passed away at such a young age. Armand was her only family now. He had to take care of her now that she was hospitalized.
But when he was here, she would nag on and on without end. Perhaps the elderly could talk endlessly about the same matter.
She kept repeating her words that he was almost at his limits.
“I don’t want to force you either. Just do whatever you want. I’m going to die soon anyway.” Elizabeth was still mad.
Armand smacked his head with his fist, “You’re already so old, don’t get mad. If you continue being angry, I’ll just die together with you.”
Elizabeth grabbed his hand, forbidding him from hitting himself, “I won’t force you, but give me a time. I don’t have many years left to live. Can you get married and have children while I’m still alive?”
Armand had no choice but to comfort her, “I’ll get married and give you your great-grandchildren in two years, okay?”
He thought of adopting one and tell Elizabeth that it was his child when the time came to comfort her first.
“No, two years is too long. One year.” Elizabeth was determined.
Armand could only nod now, “I promise you, so can you stop the nagging?”
Elizabeth let out a sigh, “When you’re old, even your family dislikes you.”
Armand was speechless.
“I don’t dislike you. What do you want to eat? I’ll go buy it for you.” Armand patted Elizabeth, “I know all these years had been tough for you.”
Elizabeth asked him back in return, “You didn’t eat breakfast this morning, did you?”
How could Armand have the appetite to eat?
She had been blabbering on and on. He was going to go mad.
“You go and eat, I ate earlier so I’m not hungry.”
Armand wasn’t hungry too, but he wanted to go out and get some fresh air. He said, “I’m hungry. I’m going to buy some food.“
Elizabeth told him to just go.
All of a sudden, Theresa did not dare to meet Elizabeth anymore. When she heard that Armand was going to leave the room, she dashed in the direction of the pantry. As soon as she entered, Armand walked out.
Hiding at a corner, she watched Armand walked further away. She only came out slowly after Armand reached the elevator.
Standing in the corridor, she listened to the sound of the surrounding.
She heard the elevator’s doors opened and closed after a moment. She walked over, and sure enough, Armand wasn’t there anymore.
At this time, the door to the other elevator opened. Theresa entered and went down to the lobby too.
She arrived a little later than Armand. When she came out of the elevator, he had already exited from the hospital’s doors.
Theresa didn’t know whether she should head back home or meet Armand. She was stuck in a dilemma.
Upon seeing that Armand did not leave to buy food but turned into an alley, Theresa followed him from behind, wanting to know what he was up to.
#####Chapter 721 Everyone Has a Desire to Be Pretty 
Armand squatted by the wall and took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He shook a piece out, put it into his mouth, and clumsily lit it up. 
This was also the first time Theresa saw him smoking.
She knew very well that Armand never smokes.
However, he was hiding and smoking in an isolated place at this moment. She could see how frustrated he was feeling inside.
To think about it, she was infertile herself, and his only family was urging him to get married and have children. How could he not be suffering deep inside?
Theresa really didn’t want to see him struggling so much.
She turned around quietly. She didn’t go upstairs to see Elizabeth anymore because she had underestimated Elizabeth’s desire for a great-grandson.
She didn’t think about it too much when she came over. She just wanted to see Armand and visit Elizabeth. It was this unplanned action that let her clearly see the problem between herself and Armand.
How long could they be together if they didn’t have any children? 
Armand may not want one, but it would be impossible for his grandmother to not want one.
She sat by the flower garden on the roadside and gave Armand a phone call as she took her phone out. The call was picked up when it connected after it rang for a short while.
Theresa could imagine what he was doing when he answered the phone late.
He was probably adjusting his mood or putting out the cigarette in his hand.
“Theresa.”
Soon enough, Armand’s relaxed voice echoed over.
If she didn’t see him hiding and smoking to alleviate his emotions, she would definitely think that he was in a good mood right now as she listened to his voice through the phone.
However, she knew that Armand was just faking his good mood right now. 
He was hiding his inner feelings in front of her.
“It’s nothing. I just wanted to call you,” Theresa lowered her head and looked at her toes, “Armand.”
“Hmm?”
Theresa really wanted to say, ‘Let’s break up.’
‘And stop tormenting each other.’
But she couldn’t say it out loud.
She could actually feel that Armand still had feelings for her.
She also felt the same.
“Why are you not talking? Did you miss me?”
As Armand’s voice echoed over, it pulled Theresa’s drifting thoughts back. She said, “I don’t know what to say.”
Theresa stood up and threw the flowers she bought into the trash can on the roadside, “I still have to work. I’ll hang up now…”
“Don’t hang up.”
Armand hurriedly interrupted her. He was afraid that she would hang up.	
Theresa asked, “Did something happen?”
“You gave me a phone call, but you’re going to hang up without even saying that you miss me. Isn’t that too harsh?”
Theresa hailed a taxi, got in, and said, “Armand, can you stop being so immature?”
“Am I immature?” Armand’s voice echoed through. Before Theresa could respond, he spoke again, “I am immature, but I only want to be immature towards you.”
Theresa held her phone tightly. Her heart seemed to have been pricked by something.
The taxi driver asked, “Miss, where are you going?”
“Where are you, Theresa?”
“I’m in a car outside.”
Armand doubted, “Didn’t you say that you’re going to work a while ago? Why are you in a car right now?”
“I am going out to meet a client, Armand. I still have something to do. I’ll hang up now.”
“Well, get going with your work. I miss you, Theresa, even if you don’t miss me. Take good care of yourself. I’ll see you after Mrs. Bernie leaves the hospital in a few days.”
“Mhm,” Theresa mumbled, “I’ll hang up now.”
After saying that, she immediately hung up.
She just felt her heart was gripped by something. It was so suffocating that she couldn’t even breathe.
She couldn’t tell if it was heartache or it was aching where else. She just couldn’t control the tightening of her throat and the twitching of her nose. She just wanted to cry.
She covered her mouth and nose with her palm and choked up.
The driver in front didn’t know where to go either, so he asked again in a whisper, “Miss, where are you going?”
Theresa came back to her senses and realized that she was sitting inside a car right now. She hurriedly sniffed back and gave him the address of the villa.
Since she was here, she was going to visit the two kids and Dolores Flores.
The driver started the car and asked, “Are you heartbroken?”
Theresa collected her emotions and asked, “Where in me did you see that I’m heartbroken?”
The driver smiled, “You look so pretty, so of course you won’t be heartbroken. There are definitely a lot of people who like you.”
Theresa smiled, “Pretty? Don’t you know that plastic surgery is popular right now? This entire face had work done.”
“Everyone has a desire to be pretty. That’s normal.”
Theresa didn’t respond anymore.
After a while, the car stopped at the gates of the villa, and Theresa got out of the car after paying.
The driver gazed at the independent and unique building outside the window. He sighed, “Indeed, she has the money to do plastic surgery since she lives in such a nice villa.”
The driver withdrew his envious gaze as he drove his car away.
Theresa walked towards the gate and rang the doorbell. Coral came to open the door. Coral was the only one at home since Jasmine Burke and the two kids went to school, and Jayden Nelson and Kevin Forbis weren’t at home. Coral wasn’t sure where they went either, but they would pick up the kids and take them home on time anyway.
“Ms. Gordon,” Coral hurriedly moved aside to let her in.
Theresa smiled, “How are you, Coral?”
Coral also smiled and said, “I’m just the same. My health has been fine.”
After she entered the house, Coral asked, “What would you like to drink?”
Theresa said, “Water is fine.”
Coral poured her a glass of water and brought it over. Theresa took it. She was just about to ask if Dolores was at home when she heard Coral sighing, “Mrs. Nelson has been abroad for two days already. I wonder how she is doing now.”
Theresa raised her head to look at Coral and asked, “What did you say?”
“I said Mrs. Nelson went abroad…Didn’t you know about it?” Coral thought she knew.
She thought Dolores would tell her.
Dolores didn’t give Theresa a phone call to tell her that she was going abroad. Now that she was abroad, Theresa would definitely ask her why.
She just didn’t want other people to worry about herself.
“What happened?” Theresa nervously asked. How could she go abroad at this time when she was pregnant?
“It seemed to be because of Mrs. Nelson’s health. I’m not sure of the details either,” Coral said.
Theresa took her phone out and gave Dolores a phone call. However, it couldn’t get through. She frowned, “Why can’t I reach her?”
“Maybe it’s because she’s abroad.” Coral guessed.
Theresa took her phone and stood up. She decided to find Boyce Shawn and ask him about it.
She didn’t want Armand to know that she came back already, so she could only go look for Boyce.
‘Why did Dolores have to go abroad for her health?’ She really wanted to know.
As she walked through the hallway to open the door, someone was just about to enter from the outside.
When she saw that someone came, she was stunned for a long while.
#####Chapter 722 Armand Bernie’s Girlfriend
Jasmine went to the school to enroll today and met her former teacher. Her teacher was very happy to know that she could go back to continue studying.
She also decided to make the most out of this opportunity.
She wouldn’t be as impulsive as last time.
She didn’t have class today, so she came back. She just didn’t expect to see someone she had never met at the gate.
“You are…?”
Jasmine didn’t know Theresa Gordon, but Theresa saw her before.
She hadn’t seen her personally. She just saw Jasmine’s picture sent by Armand to her.
“Are you Boyce Shawn’s girlfriend?” Theresa was a little bit uncertain because Armand also sent her Wendy Miller’s picture before. 
Jasmine unconsciously pulled the corner of her clothes, “Yes…”
“Do you know Jasmine?” Coral walked over and asked.
Theresa smiled and said, “This is my first time meeting her personally, but I’ve seen her photo before.”
“Who sent you the picture?” Jasmine was shocked.
She was curious because she had never seen Theresa.
Coral spoke for Theresa before she could speak, “She is Armand’s girlfriend.”
Jasmine suddenly realized, “Oh, hi.”
Theresa smiled back, “Hello.”
“Are you going out right now?” Jasmine asked.
Theresa nodded and said, “I was just about to go find your boyfriend Boyce to ask him something.”
Jasmine asked, “Are you going to ask him about Ms. Flores?”
Theresa paused for a while and nodded her head.
She had always called Dolores Flores by her name. She didn’t call her Ms. Flores like Armand did. That was why she didn’t realize that Jasmine was referring to Dolores at first.
“I know about it. Let’s talk inside,” Jasmine said.
Theresa nodded and went back inside the house. Jasmine also entered. She took off her backpack, put it on the sofa, and sat across Theresa.
“Ms. Flores suddenly went abroad because she was in poor health. The doctor wanted her to have preterm labor. But she’s just seven months pregnant right now, so preterm labor might not be good for the baby. They must have gone abroad to do examinations in the hospitals abroad,” Jasmine said.
Theresa was worried, “Did she say what the reason was?”
“It seemed that her uterus lining is thin.”
Theresa understood it. This was most probably caused by Dolores’ birth to Andrew Nelson and Amanda Nelson.
“Do you want to eat dinner with us together with Armand?” Jasmine enthusiastically asked.
Theresa shook her head, “I’m here alone since he still has something to do. I’ll leave right after seeing the kids.”
Jasmine nodded.
Buzz…
Theresa’s phone vibrated inside her pocket. 
She took out her phone. When she saw Dolores’ number on the displayed caller ID, she immediately answered the call. 
“Did you call me?” Dolores’ voice echoed through.
Theresa grunted in agreement, “I heard that you went abroad. How is your health?”
Dolores sat in the spacious ward and looked at the unfamiliar scenery outside through the French window. She said, “How did you know about this?”
“I came to City B and heard about what happened to you.”
Dolores got down from the bed and walked towards the French window. Then, she lifted both legs, snuggled into the sofa, and subtly said, “I just had an examination today.”
Although the doctor didn’t tell her what the result was, she could already tell from the doctor’s eyes that it wasn’t good news.
Matthew Nelson was talking to the doctor right now.
She was alone inside the ward.
“No matter what the result is, you should put your mind at ease and maintain a happy mood. Only in this way would it be good to you. Did you get that?”
Dolores grunted in agreement and asked, “Did you go to City B to see Armand?”
Theresa said no, “I came to see you.”
Dolores laughed. She obviously didn’t believe her, but she didn’t expose her. Both of them talked a few more, then she hung up when the door opened. She got up from the sofa, looked toward the person who just entered, and asked, “What did the doctor say?”
##### Chapter 723 What If I Get Tired of It?
Matthew didn’t answer immediately, but closed the door and stepped in.
Dolores was more and more nervous and even her hands trembled unconsciously.
The more he didn’t talk, the worse the test result was.
“What you are worried about?” Matthew shook her hand. “I’m hungry, let’s eat something together.”
She didn’t move but looked at him.
Matthew sighed. He knew that she wouldn’t feel relieved without an answer.
He took Dolores’ hand and sat on the sofa. According to Dolores’ test result, an early delivery must be necessary, because her uterus was thinner than an average person. It was too dangerous to wait until the day of delivery because if the uterus ruptured, it could threaten her life.
The doctor’s advice was similar to the domestic plan. If she couldn’t deliver within seven and a half months, then she must rest in bed and the delivery would be extended to eight months at the latest.
“The doctor said our baby is in good health and there is no danger even if the baby is born early…”
“So we still need an early delivery?” Dolores interrupted him.
Matthew squeezed her hand, “Don’t worry, okay?”
“I’m not worried,” Dolores said, pulling back her emotions.
She stood up from the sofa, took his hand and said coyly, “Weren’t you hungry? I eat something with you.”
She kept her worries to herself and tried to look relaxed in front of Matthew.
Actually, Matthew knew she was pretending, but he didn’t expose it.
He was worried just like her. After all, it was his child and his wife, but he also couldn’t show his worry in front of her.
His negative mood would only make Dolores feel more nervous.
“I know a good restaurant, let’s eat there.” Matthew put his arm around her waist. “We don’t go out often, is there somewhere you’d like to go? I can take you and relax.”
Dolores deliberately said, “I want to go to a nightclub.”
Matthew glanced at her belly. “You can’t neither drink nor smell the smoke of the cigarette. What will you do there?”
“I want to look at some handsome boys,” Dolores said.
Matthew laughed, opened the car door for her and asked, “Am I not handsome?”
“Not as the boys who are there,” Dolores said, sitting inside and looking up at him.
Matthew stood in front of the car door, on elbow on the car door, and looked at her slightly, “Even if they are handsome, you can’t look at them. You are only allowed to give me a child obediently.”
“You can only look at me.”
Dolores laughed, “What if I get tired of it?”
Matthew, “…”
“I’m so handsome,” he said stiffly. “You won’t get tired of it. You’ll just like me more and more.”
Dolores laughed out and found that he was very narcissistic.
Matthew relaxed a little when he saw her laughing.
When they came there, everything was arranged by the people in charge of the branch company. The people in charge of the branch company knew that Matthew was coming over, so they prepared the car for him.
Soon the car stopped at a luxurious restaurant. Matthew parked the car, pushed the car door to get off and opened the car door for Dolores. “Here you can eat things that could not be found anywhere in our country.”
Dolores bent down.
Matthew handed the keys to the restaurant staff, who parked the car in the parking lot.
The restaurant was very spacious and decorated with taste and personality. It was different from many other restaurants, which had many seats. It only had a total of seven or eight tables separated from each other, as if each of them was an independent party.
The light was soft and made people feel quiet and comfortable.
The waiters there were wearing a black vest, white shirt and a tie at the neck of the dress. They were polite but also gentlemanlike.
They sat down at a random table and the waiter, with one hand behind their back, bent slightly to hand over the menu.
Matthew took it and handed it to Dolores, “Look what you want to eat.”
Actually, Dolores’ appetite was not very good. She was just thinking about the baby in her belly, moreover, because of her health problems, the baby had to be born ahead of time. The atmosphere between Matthew and her was a little cautious.
She pretended to be hungry and opened the menu.
The menu was all named in English and each dish had a picture and a description of its ingredients.
From the pictures, the dishes looked very delicious.
Moreover, they all were expensive ingredients.
She ordered two specialities of the restaurant, some light food and finally, she ordered a dessert.
Matthew was socializing outside. He ate a lot of greasy food but at home, he also liked light food.
Dolores also liked light food, so she handed the menu to the waiter after ordering.
“After dinner, we’ll go out for a walk,” Matthew said.
When they came there, they just took a break and went to the hospital. They had no time to take a walk.
“Okay,” Dolores said with a smile.
Soon the waiter brought a dish.
When looking at the pictures, Dolores realized that the cuisine there paid particular attention to the decoration of the dishes, and when she saw the real dish, she found it more refined than the pictures.
Matthew let her taste it.
Dolores picked up the knife and fork and tasted the food.
In the beginning, she just found it refined, but when she ate it, it tasted great.
People there were different from their country. They didn’t have stir-fried food but kept the original taste of the food.
After adding a special seasoning flavor, they could obtain another taste.
‘When you have something in mind, even the best food loses its flavor.’
Dolores said the food was delicious. She took the fork, picked up a piece of meat from her plate, and put it on Matthew’s plate, then she said with a smile, “Eat more.”
Matthew laughed, “Shouldn’t you eat more? Why did you give it to me instead? Is it because you care about me?”
“If you think so, so be it,” Dolores said with a laugh.
After dinner, they left the restaurant and, instead of driving, they strolled hand in hand through the streets of a foreign country.
That day, Matthew didn’t wear formal clothes and, compared with the formal clothes that made him look mature, casual clothes made him look cleaner and younger.
Holding hands like that was like a couple in love.
“Since it’s the same situation, it’s better to go back to deliver.” She knew many people in the country and the children were also there. If she stayed abroad, that meant she wouldn’t see them for a long time. 
They were already in school and they couldn’t just take some days off.
However, she didn’t know that something was happening in her country.
##### Chapter 724 I Will Survive
Jessica was out of prison.
Boyce picked her up and took her back to the villa.
In order not to make Jessica worry, he didn’t tell her about Dolores.
He just told her that Matthew took her on a trip abroad.
“Lola is pregnant, it’s not suitable for her to travel abroad. If she wants to travel, she should wait for the child to be born, and then I will take care of him for them and they can go wherever they want.” Jessica lost a lot of weight, but she looked good.
Maybe seeing her daughter happy made her be in a good mood, that was why she looked good.
Although she wasn’t Dolores’ birth mother, she raised her since she was a child, so her feelings for her were deeper than a biological mother.
“It’s okay, don’t worry.” Boyce comforted her and told her not to overthink.
“Yeah, if she has someone who takes care of her, then it’s okay to go abroad to relax,” Theresa added.
When Dolores gave birth to her two children, Jessica knew that she wasn’t in good health. Now that Dolores was late in the pregnancy, she hoped she could be more careful.
But she also thought that Matthew should know what he was doing and be able to take care of Dolores, so she was no longer worried about that.
Then she looked forward to seeing the children soon after school.
Boyce told Coral to prepare a sumptuous dinner. After all, Jessica went out of prison so it would be good to celebrate it. Moreover, even Theresa was there.
“Are you here to see Armand?” he asked.
Theresa’s smile gave place to embarrassment, “No, don’t tell him I’m here.”
‘Although Boyce was insensitive to his own affairs, he was able to understand well others’ affairs. The fact that Theresa was there had something to do with Armand.’ “Aren’t you good now? Did he make you angry again? I don’t think so, I think he treats you like a queen.”
Theresa looked at him, “Boyce, are you mocking me?”
Boyce laughed and asked, “Do you think so?”
Theresa didn’t answer, sat on the sofa and talked with Jessica.
Boyce was also busy, so he didn’t remain in the villa.
When he was in the office, he heard that Officer Miller was sent to the hospital. It had been a day and he didn’t get any news, so he wanted to go there to check.
Although he hated the mother and daughter of the Miller family, he wanted to visit Officer Miller.
He said hello to Jasmine and left.
When he arrived at the hospital, he asked about the ward where Officer Miller was. He hesitated before knocking at the door. He hesitated because he was afraid that Mrs. Miller and Wendy were there. He really didn’t want to see them.
When he opened the door and didn’t see them, he was strangely relieved.
Officer Miller was wearing a hospital gown and didn’t look very well.
“What happened?” Boyce asked with concern.
Officer Miller snorted, “Is it not because of you? You said you didn’t want to, so why did you make that promise? She has made troubles and I lost my reputation in the office.”
At that moment, Boyce wasn’t sure about his feelings, but he believed that Wendy, who had the same age as him, was suitable for marriage.
Who could have imagined that when he met Jasmine again…
“Are you all right? What did the doctor say?” Boyce knew that his promise was too hasty and that he agreed without thinking clearly.
At that moment, Wendy chased him insistently, so he couldn’t do anything.
Officer Miller leaned back in the head of the bed, indulged for a moment then he said, “I will survive.”
He fainted away because of a blood disorder. It wasn’t a serious illness.
“Officer Miller, I’m sorry, I…” 
“You don’t need to explain to me. Do you think I don’t know you?” Officer Miller sighed again, “It’s also my bad. I knew that you didn’t like her, I have still made a match between you. It’s so embarrassing.”
Boyce bowed his head. In front of Officer Miller, he looked like a child who did something wrong.
“It’s all right. But you can’t come to my home anymore.” His wife must be having a hard time now.
Boyce didn’t know what to say.
“Okay, go quickly.” Officer Miller waved his hand. His wife and daughter were out to buy something and he figured that they should be back soon. If they saw him, it would be a mess in the hospital.
If so, he would totally lose his face.
Boyce said, “I’ll go then.”
Officer Miller let out a hum. When Boyce opened the door, Mrs. Miller and Wendy had just come back from shopping.
#####Chapter 725 Forced Marriage
The more she despised something, the more it would appear in front of her.
Boyce was just about to take his leave, when Mrs. Miller stretched her arm out, “What are you doing here? Did you want to see if you’ve angered my husband to death?”
Mrs. Miller felt that Boyce was the cause of everything, and she blamed him.
Boyce had no intention to start an argument, but Mrs. Miller didn’t want to let him off the hook that easily.
“Come inside now!”
Officer Miller shouted in a deep voice.
Mrs. Miller scoffed and knocked Boyce on her way inside, Officer Miller glared at her and said sternly, “The doctor already said that I shouldn’t get angry, carry on what you’re doing if you want me dead.”
“What have I done? It was him…”
“Mother, that’s enough,” Wendy Miller interrupted Mrs. Miller. She was afraid that Boyce would be irritated and exposed her dark past.
She peered at him and said coldly, “My father was hospitalized because of us, are you happy with how things are now?”
Boyce seemed completely unfazed, he only cast a glance at her.
He didn’t see the need to explain himself to such a person, and so he stood there in silence.
Officer Miller’s hospitalization was rather indirectly related to him, he wasn’t the main reason of why this happened.
He avoided her sideways and walked out when Wendy tugged him by his arm, “Boyce, if you didn’t want to be in this relationship from the start, why did you agree and investigated me behind my back…”
She wasn’t done when Boyce’s phone rang in his pocket, he took it out and the caller named ‘Cutie’ was shown on the screen.
It was Jasmine Burke who accompanied Boyce to purchase a mobile device at the time, she told him, “The first contact you save on your phone should be mine.”
She snatched his device from him and keyed in her phone number. When she got to the caller’s name column, she asked Boyce, “What are you planning to address me as?”
This question had never come across Boyce’s mind, he figured that her name suited the best.
Jasmine wanted to be playful, and so she changed it to ‘Cutie’.
She had a short stature and was skinny, walking side by side with Boyce made her look small, she even ridiculed him, “Would others think that I’m your daughter if we went out together?”
Awkwardness was written all over Boyce’s face then.
When Wendy caught sight of his phone screen, she frowned.
Cutie?
She didn’t know he had such taste for a close-minded person like him. Besides, who was this ‘Cutie’ anyway?
Wendy narrowed her eyes and thought, ‘Does he like someone else already?’
Her hands that fell at her sides formed into fists. Who stole her boyfriend?
Boyce didn’t answer the call immediately; he held his phone in his hand and walked a distance away from the ward before pressing the answer button.
Jasmine called to ask if he was coming back for dinner.
Boyce replied, “I’m going back, I’ll be there in a while.”
“We’ll wait for you then,” Jasmine followed.
Boyce hummed and ended the phone call. He didn’t head back right away, he went to visit Elizabeth instead.
When Armand Bernie was away in country C, he was the one who sent Elizabeth to the hospital, and he knew she was admitted here as well.
As he arrived at the corridor of the ward, he noticed that Armand was smoking in the smoking room through the glass panes.
He pushed the door open and went in, Armand who drooped his head didn’t even realize someone entered.
Boyce gave a heavy pat on his shoulders, he looked up and was surprised to see Boyce there, “How come you’re here?”
Boyce didn’t answer his question, “When did you even start smoking?”
Armand put his arm out to litter his cigarette in the ashtray, and took a deep breath, “My grandma is forcing me to get married…”
“Haven’t you made up with Theresa Gordon already?” Boyce rested his arm around his shoulders, “There’s nothing difficult about getting married, are you so worried about it that you’ve started smoking?”
Armand lifted his head and laughed bitterly, “I could still talk Theresa into marriage, but she wants a great grandchild, how am I going to do that? How am I supposed to give birth to one?”
Boyce was speechless at that moment.
With Theresa in such a condition, the expectation to bear a child was an unsolvable problem.
“Was it because of this that you were at odds with Theresa?” he realized that Theresa didn’t look too well when he saw her at the villa.
“No?” Armand found Boyce’s words to be weird.
He was doing alright with Theresa, as long as she didn’t learn about Armand’s grandma’s request, there wouldn’t be a huge issue. At the very least, she wouldn’t back down from this.
“Do you want to join me for dinner at the villa?”
Theresa didn’t allow him to inform Armand that she was here, but she didn’t mention that he couldn’t bring him over for a meal.
Armand said, “I need to stay here and take care of my grandma.”
He hadn’t the slightest clue that Boyce was trying to help him.
“Are you sure?” Boyce looked at him.
Aligned with his eyes, Armand felt unsure, “Is there anyone at the villa?”
Boyce got on his feet, “I’m not sure, just tell me if you’re coming or not.”
Armand hesitated for a moment, he then stood up, “I’ll go. I’m going to the ward to let my grandma know that I’m leaving and call on a nurse to stand by.”
Boyce said, “I’ll come with you to see your grandma.”
Armand patted his shoulder, “Thanks.”
“There’s no need to say thanks if it’s between us.” Boyce gave him a quick glance.
The two of them left the smoking area and went to visit Armand’s grandma, Elizabeth, she was ecstatic to see Boyce around.
Then came a whole string of queries about marriage, the ones that have been said countless times – how old are you already, when are you getting married?  
Armand backed him up, “Don’t worry about the important events of others, am I not enough for you to nag at?”
Elizabeth opened her eyes wide, “Is he a somebody-else?”
Their relationship was so good that Elizabeth had already treated him like her own family.
Boyce read the room and chuckled, “It’s not a rush for me.”
“You’re even older than Armand, aren’t you? Does it not concern you? Are you planning to become a monk?” Elizabeth pulled a long face. What is up with these people?
Armand smiled, “He has a girlfriend, you don’t need to worry about him anymore.”
“You’ve got a girlfriend?” Elizabeth’s eyes sparkled, “What type of girl is she? I want to meet her when you’re free.”
Armand was worried that the old lady would carry on for eternity. When the nurse arrived, he made an excuse to take his leave, and dragged Boyce out of there as well.
Boyce followed Armand’s pace and teased him, “You’re not being filial like this.”
Armand glanced at him coldly, “If I didn’t bail you out from there, you won’t believe me when I say she can go on for another hour.”
Boyce understood, she was old after all.
After they got into the car, Armand brought up the question again, “What is actually going on?”
Boyce started the engine, “I’m just inviting you for a meal, what’s with the many questions?”
They soon arrived at the villa after ten few minutes, the car was stopped and they got down from it.
#####Chapter 726 Do You Think I Would Believe You
Boyce looked over at him, his expression was totally blank, he was really in the dark about Theresa’s arrival in City B.
He recalled Theresa’s facial expression and her tone of voice, it all seemed like she knew about what Elizabeth wanted from them.
If that’s not the case, how would Armand not know that she had come to City B.
Why didn’t she want to tell Armand?
Even Boyce felt extremely anxious for Armand, he had finally earned Theresa’s forgiveness and she even gave him a chance to start over. Now with the obstacle of infertility, it would be difficult to deal with Elizabeth later.
It was naturally for an elderly to have such traditional mind-set, although, there were also many young people in this age that found it hard to accept a childless marriage.
A child would be an important bond in a matrimony.
When two people have a child in common, it would bring them more closely together.
“Sigh-”
Boyce had unconsciously let out a sigh.
Armand fixed his eyes on him, “What’s with you? Did a conflict arise between you and Jasmine? Or have you not settled things with Wendy?”
“Why would you think this is about me?” Boyce looked at him with full of pity.
“Why did you sigh then?” Armand couldn’t see that Boyce was worried for him.
Boyce ignored him and knocked on the door.
He’d understand everything once he met Theresa.
Jasmine was in the kitchen with Coral, and everyone else at home were either elders or children. Jessica Lennon didn’t have the chance to bond much with the two children when she returned, she was hugging the two kids while they talked.
She got up and opened the door.
“Boyce…”
She was about to welcome Boyce home when she discovered Armand who was beside him. She couldn’t help but freeze in place, but she managed to recover rather quickly and turned to Boyce.
Didn’t she say not to let Armand know that she was here?
Boyce shrugged his shoulders and acted nonchalantly, “I didn’t tell him, he was the one who insisted on following me back to the villa for dinner. I didn’t have a choice.”
Theresa understood their relationship in and out, they were even closer than biological brothers, she clutched the door hard, “Do you think I would believe what you said?”
“If you don’t trust me, you can ask Armand if he was the one who insisted on tagging along.” Boyce nudged Armand, “Talk then, go on and explain yourself.”
All Armand did was to stare at Theresa without uttering a single word.
He finally realized why Boyce urged him to come to the villa.
He ruminated on why Theresa left him out of the notice on her arrival here.
“Have you been to the hospital?” he tried to conceal his panic.
Theresa didn’t make a sound.
Boyce slipped sideways into the house tactfully.
Armand gripped Theresa’s wrist and pulled her straight to the wicker chair that was placed on the lawn, “Tell me, why didn’t you let me know you were here in City B?”
“I want to pay the two children a visit, can’t I?” Theresa sat herself down on the chair, with her head tilted upwards at him.
“Do you think I’m stupid? If you were here to only see the kids, why is there a need to hide this from me?” Armand contained his anger.
He was mad at her for not telling him the truth.
Theresa continued to feign ignorance, “It’s not that I’m hiding it from you, I just haven’t had the time to tell you.”
“Haha-”
Armand snickered, “The last we contacted was not too long ago, judging from the time, you were already in City B when we talked, no?”
Theresa paused for a moment and replied, “I just wanted to surprise you, can’t I?”
Armand closed his eyes and suppressed all his emotions, he then sat across the other rattan chair and pondered deeply before he asked, “You…know something do you?”
He didn’t believe that it was a surprise, if it was meant to be one, she would’ve done it earlier. In that case, Boyce had no need to be the bridge here.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Theresa turned away and averted Armand’s gaze.
Armand caught her hand and held it in his palm, “Have you heard something from my grandma?”
Things wouldn’t have been this abnormal otherwise. Now that he thought of it, the moment she rang him up was when he had just finished his conversation with the old lady. Was this all a coincidence?
“You wanted to pay her a visit as well, and overheard what she said, am I right?” Armand held her hand tight, “Theresa, you have to believe me, I don’t need a child, as long as you…”
“You’re fine with it, but what about your grandma? Does having an offspring not matter to you?” Theresa shouted all of a sudden, but in the next moment, she was completely deflated, “Armand…”
“You don’t need to say anything else.” Armand slid off from his chair and knelt in front of Theresa holding her legs, “I really don’t need a child, you have to believe me.”
“I do, but what do we do with your grandma?” Theresa bowed her head down and looked at him, her eyesight was going blur, tears started to well up in her eyes, “I don’t want to drag you down…”
“What are you talking about?” Armand asked emotionlessly, “It’s not your fault that we can’t have a child, it’s me, it’s my fault!”
Theresa felt overwhelmed and she didn’t want this to continue.
“Armand…”
“Don’t think about telling me that we should break up, it wasn’t easy for us to start all over again. How could say such hurtful things so easily?”
“I’ll face my grandma and convince her, once everything is settled, I’ll take you to see her. Don’t go thinking about the unnecessary, alright?” Armand held her hand all the more tighter, he was afraid of losing her, “I know that the pressure is huge on you, so leave it all to me, I just need you to give me some time.”
Theresa took a deep breath and wiped her tears away, she said calmly, “I understand, everyone’s waiting in the house, it won’t be too good if we stayed out here any longer.”
Armand nodded, the both of them gathered their composure and went back inside.
The food had already been served, Matthew Nelson wasn’t at home, so Jayden Nelson was the man of the house. He made his own decision and requested Coral to open two bottles of wine. Jessica was released from prison today, and both Matthew and Dolores Flores weren’t around. He represented them in giving Jessica a warm welcome back home.
Even though she wasn’t Dolores’ biological mother, but she was the one who raised her up all her life after all.
They were considered as family if her past had not been brought up.
“I’ll give Matthew a call later in the evening, your release is good news, I’m sure Dolores would be happy to hear this too.” Jayden said.
Jessica was filled with guilt, what she did was bad, and it was nothing to be proud of. She stroked Amanda Nelson’s hair and cherished this moment, “I’m grateful to everyone for not giving up on me, I’ll lead a good life from now on.”
“We’re not family if we paid any mind to that.” Jayden explained.
Kevin Forbis went along as well, he sat next to Jayden and raised his glass, “Let’s have a toast to your freedom.”
Jessica was a lightweight, but she cooperated, “Thank you.”
Kevin introduced himself, “I’m Matthew’s uncle, we’re considered as relatives, so don’t worry about it. Everyone’s living in the same villa, we’re a family.”
Jessica smiled.
“Only Daddy and Mommy are absent today.” Andrew Nelson stared at the table full of people and voiced in disappointment.
They had suddenly left for overseas, grandfather told him that father and mother went travelling to other countries. School had just begun for him and his sister, and his mother was still pregnant, how could they possibly be travelling? He didn’t take a word of what he was told and was deeply troubled inside.
Jessica caressed his head and comforted the child silently.
Armand who loved to chatter was completely quiet at the table, Boyce and Jasmine were still too.
He had introduced himself when Jessica returned, and everyone knew each other already.
The elderly didn’t have much to talk about as well, with only Matthew not present.
Dinner was a pleasant one, when it was over, Armand said his goodbyes to the seniors. He told them that his grandma was admitted, and that he had to go back to the hospital.
He was being filial, no one would’ve said anything to stop him.
Theresa helped to clean up the dishes with no thoughts of talking to Armand, she figured it was best if the both of them could use this time to calm down. Nevertheless, Armand called out to her, “Theresa, can you give me a ride? I’m not driving today.”
#####Chapter 727 Look at The Car Behind
Theresa glanced at him and said, “I don’t have a car.”
Boyce took out his car key and said, “Take my car then,”
Theresa turned and stared at him.
Boyce smiled, “Why? Is there anything wrong if I let you drive my car?”
“Of course, there’s something wrong. You know that I don’t know how to drive. What if I drove into the river, whose fault would it be?” Theresa purposely mentioned the incident of falling into the river in the past.
Boyce pursed his lips, “Why can’t you see the kindness in people?”
“What? Has there been another argument?” Kevin Forbes interjected with a grin.
“Yeah, they’re still arguing. I’ll end up at fault if I help them.” Boyce complained when the opportunity came up.
Jessica Lennon laughed and advised, “Theresa, just let it slide.”
Kevin Forbis also agreed, “You’re all young people, just go outside and play if you have nothing to do. If there are any problems, just solve them, try to get along and stop the arguments. Hurry up, get married and make babies. it’s not that you’re young anymore, how much longer do you all want to wait?”
The atmosphere suddenly changed.
Armand Bernie and Boyce both looked at Theresa simultaneously.
The person who said this obviously didn’t know that Theresa was infertile.
Theresa was holding some dishes and when she heard what Kevin said, she suddenly became nervous. Her hands suddenly weakened, and the dishes fell on the ground with a crashing sound.
Everyone was taken aback.
Armand was the first to react. He walked over and grabbed her hand. Softly, he said, “Don’t worry. It’s just a few dishes broken, it’s okay, it’s okay.”
Theresa returned to her senses, “My hands slipped.”
“It is not a big deal.” Coral smiled and squatted to sweep the floor.
Everyone said it was okay.
“Dearest elders, we’ll take our leave first.” Armand pulled Theresa’s hands.
“Careful on the road,” Jessica said.
“We will.”  Armand pulled Theresa and called Boyce, “You drive.”
“I thought that you didn’t drink?” Armand asked.
Boyce put on a face like he’s not willing to do it, “I didn’t drink, but does it mean I should be your driver?”
“Do you think I am willing to let you be my driver? You are the third wheel. Theresa also drank just now, so she can’t drive. You brought me here, then you should take me back too.”
“Ah well, looks like you got me,” Boyce said and went out.
Armand held Theresa’s hand and followed Boyce. Upon reaching the car, she pressed on the key fob and the car’s headlights flashed. Boyce sat in the driver’s seat.
Boyce specifically mentioned, “You two sit in the back.”
Armand was about to open the rear door when he heard what Boyce said. He stopped and replied, “You don’t have to mention that It’s not like I wanted to sit beside you in the first place.” 
Boyce snorted, “What the hell.”
As both were talking shit to each other, they forgot about Theresa’s traumatizing episode.
Sitting in the car, Armand remained expressionless. Nor did he offer any comforting words to Theresa. He just clutched her hands tightly.
Boyce drove the car with his eyes fixated on the road. He didn’t want to disturb them.
“You all don’t have to comfort me, I’m fine,” Theresa said.
Armand pursed his lips.
“I’ll talk to Mrs. Bernie when I get back. As soon as everything is resolved, we’ll go and apply for our marriage certificate. I really mean it, we can live in city C, as your career is based there too”. Armand was thinking about what was best for Theresa.
Theresa also knew that Armand was doing all there for her sake, and she also hoped that Elizabeth would approve. She was fully appreciative of everything that Armand had done up till now and didn’t wish to make things difficult for him.
She looked down at Armand’s hand, and patted his back with her other hand, “I’ll wait for you, I’ll stay in City B for a few days. You can come and find me whenever you’re free.”
She had developed a soft spot for Armand, she knew that Armand was suffering a lot. Being caught in between her and Elizabeth, she could understand how painful it could be.
A short while later the car stopped at the hospital. Armand said, “We’ve arrived.”
Theresa sat still, “I don’t think I’ll be getting off, I’ll meet Mrs. Bernie next time.”
Armand nodded, now was indeed not the time.
He would let them two meet again after everything had been resolved.
Armand alighted from the car and said to Boyce, “Drive slowly.”
Boyce nodded.
After Armand left, Boyce began to drive away. Theresa turned around to look at Armand’s back until it disappeared from her eyesight. She then spotted another car that was following their car. Through the rear windshield, she could see the driver.
The driver was a woman, and she looked familiar.
“Mr. Boyce, look at the car behind.”
#####Chapter 728 Pick One
Car?
What car?
Boyce Shawn observed the car through his rear-view mirror. He then quickly noticed who the driver was.
His brows wrinkled up, and his facial expression darkened.
Theresa Gordon asked, “Is she following you on purpose?”
“I don’t think so,” Boyce replied.
‘There shouldn’t be a reason for this.’
‘What is she trying to do?’
Theresa took another glance behind, Boyce’s driving speed wasn’t fast, nor was it peak hours as there weren’t many cars on the road. However, the car behind was moving at a slower speed, under normal circumstances the car behind would’ve overtaken Boyce’s car.
If this wasn’t tracking, then what was it then?
“Doesn’t seem like it, haven’t you already settled the issues between the both of you?” Theresa herself had once gone through such a loss before. “I don’t want you to end up like Armand Bernie.”
This time it would be Jasmine Burke that would be hurt.
Boyce replied, “We’ve both made it clear, and she has even agreed. We both broke up on good terms.”
“Ah, is that so?” Theresa nodded.
Looking at Boyce’s personality, he was not the type of person to cheat on his partner.
When Boyce sped up, the car behind followed suit. When Boyce took an exit, Wendy Miller’s car did the same too. It was no mere coincidence that Wendy was travelling on this route, as she lived in the Southern District while Boyce lived in the Northern District, totally in the opposite directions.
Boyce began to hesitate. ‘If Wendy were to meet Jasmine when we reach home, that would definitely not be good.’
Theresa was also observing the car behind them. ‘I wasn’t sure at first if she was following us, but now it’s more apparent.’
Wendy continued to follow behind Boyce’s car.
“Mr. Boyce, can’t you deal with this first?” Theresa didn’t want anything bad to happen, as Boyce took Armand Bernie’s old route.
‘In a love triangle like this, the one who will end up being hurt the most will always be the most innocent one.’
Theresa didn’t want Jasmine to be the next person to go through what she had been through.
Boyce veered off to the side of the road and stopped the car.
The car following them also stopped a short distance behind them. Boyce turned his head towards Theresa, “Wait for me in the car.”
Theresa nodded in agreement, she did not want to get down and cause a scene.
Boyce alighted from the car and walked towards the car behind.
It was all going well, but then Boyce suddenly stopped his car. Before Wendy could react, she saw Boyce alighting from the car and walking towards her.
Her heart suddenly began pounding in her chest.
‘Did he realise that I was following him?’
She clenched the steering wheel tightly, her heart pounding. In the blink of an eye Boyce had already reached her car.
Knock knock--
Boyce knocked on the car window. Wendy hastily calmed herself and wound the windows down.
She put on a smile, “Is there anything?”
“You were following me?” Boyce frankly asked.
“Just because I was travelling the same route as you, does it mean that I was following you?” Wendy replied calmly.
Though she looked calm on the surface, she was really flustered within.
When she saw the caller ID on Boyce’s phone, she became curious. What kind of woman was able to make Boyce, who was usually indifferent towards women, save their contact in his phone as Cutie.
‘Was Boyce’s integrity a pretence? Could it be that Boyce is actually a hungry animal within?’
‘Cutie?”
‘Hehe’
It just happened that she would follow Boyce. As she was leaving the hospital, she spotted Boyce’s car and there was a lady in the car with him. At first, she thought that it was Boyce’s girlfriend, but after Boyce alighted from the car and left, the lady did not follow him.
She then began to suspect that the lady in the car was the Cutie in Boyce’s contact list.
“Is your family staying here? As far as I am aware, you have no friends or relatives living here in the Northern District, right?”
Wendy pursed her lips. It was obvious that whatever excuse she gave would fall on deaf ears, so she put down the act and opened the car door, “Who is that woman in your car?”
Boyce’s expression hardened, “Does it matter to you who is in my car?”
“I’m just very curious, who and what kind of woman she is, It merely piqued my interest, is that not allowed?” Wendy raised her head, the calm demeanour that was once present now lost.
‘Her personality is exactly the same as Mrs. Miller.’
Boyce sternly replied, “We broke up because I no longer loved you, this has nothing to do with others!” 
Wendy bit her lip, “Boyce Shawn you big fat liar! You said that you don’t love me anymore, but you promised that we’ll keep in touch? What is the meaning of this?”
“That’s true, I no longer love you. It was truly a mistake to make that promise!” Boyce warned, “I have no relations whatsoever with that lady in my car, she is Armand Bernie’s girlfriend, don’t get it twisted!”
Wendy began to shake in anger, “Do you take me as a fool? Armand’s girlfriend is riding around in your car? Do you seriously think that I will believe that?”
That day when Boyce introduced her to Armand’s friends, Matthew Nelson was there together with Dolores Flores. Armand was alone too, and he did not mention that he had a girlfriend at all.
‘He’s willing to lie and say that it’s Armand’s girlfriend just to protect that woman?’ 
“Whether you choose to believe it or not, that is the truth. If you ever dare to disturb her or even touch a single hair on her, I will make your life miserable!” Saying that, Boyce stormed back to his car.
‘This woman is as difficult as her mother.’
If they continued talking, it would just end up in an endless and meaningless argument.
Boyce couldn’t understand how Wendy’s personality could be so different from Officer Miller.
But she had, however, took on her mother’s less than ideal traits.
Boyce opened his car door, and Theresa quietly observed his face, “Have you both talked things out?”
Boyce kept mum.
“Boyce, you need to make a choice and pick one between the both of them. And make sure that your decision is a firm one.”
Some men are shrewd in life, however, when it comes to women and relationships, they tend to become lost and confused.
Theresa was also scared that Boyce would also become lost and confused.
Boyce started up his car and said, “Do I look like that type of person?”
Theresa smiled, “I don’t think so, Mr. Boyce is a very discerning person.”
On the side of the road, Wendy looked on as the car sped away. She stomped her feet with frustration. Having lost something so precious, who wouldn’t be annoyed? He now had someone else to fiercely protect.
Suddenly, a beautiful tone could be heard. It was Wendy’s cellphone that was ringing.
She leant into her car and fished out her phone lodged in her purse. After successfully extracting her phone, she picked up the call.
It was the daughter of the principal of HQ University who called.
“Hello?”
“Wendy, did you know?”
Wendy was confused and asked back, “Know what?”
#####Chapter 729 Unbridled
“About the matter of Jasmine returning to school.” The principal’s daughter had heard it from the principal.
After knowing about it, she called Wendy as soon as possible.
Wendy stiffened. ‘Jasmine is back?’
In other words, what Boyce had said was true. That girl in the car really had nothing to do with him.
He broke up with her and investigated her dark history.
Was it because Jasmine was back?
Wendy was trembling all over with burning rage. She had clearly said before that she wanted Wendy and Boyce to be together, but why did she suddenly appear again. What did she want? 
Was she playing with her?
The more Wendy thought about it, the angrier she got.
“Okay, I understand.” She suppressed her anger and said into the phone.
The principal’s daughter smiled, “I just wanted to tell you why Boyce broke up. I think you should give up. There are plenty of men. Although Boyce is an outstanding person, he is not the only one who is outstanding.”
The principal’s daughter felt that if something was not meant to be then forcing it to happen was useless, and giving up was better.
Wendy said in a calm voice, “I see.”
“Okay then, I am hanging up.”
After the call ended, Wendy got into the car angrily and left.
Boyce drove the car back to the villa. No one was asleep yet. The dining room had already been cleaned up. Jayden was helping Amanda with her homework and Andrew was with Jessica.
Boyce walked into the kitchen where Jasmine was cutting fruit. Although it hadn’t been long since she had come to the villa, she had figured out the family’s habits in a few days.
They ate fruits after dinner. She saw that Coral was getting old and there were many people. So, she took over some of the work that she could do herself, reducing Coral’s burden.
Jasmine saw that it was Boyce who had come in so she asked in a low voice, “Did Armand and Theresa quarrel?”
When Armand had asked Theresa to drop him off, it was obvious that Theresa was deliberately evading him. Generally speaking, weren’t people who were head over heels in love a bit more reluctant to part with each other?
They had felt like something was weighing on their minds.
Boyce did not answer her directly. It wasn’t that he deliberately wanted to hide it from Jasmine. It was just that the reason for the barrier between Armand and Theresa was Theresa’s inability to have children. This was a matter related to Theresa’s privacy and it wasn’t good for him to tell Jasmine.
“It is just a bit of bickering.”
Jasmine understood and didn’t ask any further questions. She smiled and told him, “I will officially begin classes tomorrow.”
Boyce nodded, then reached out and patted her head, “Okay. Study well.”
Jasmine felt awkward. She felt like he was treating her like he was her elder, especially patting her head like he was coaxing a child. Jasmine frowned and said, “You are not allowed to touch my hair.”
Boyce’s heart thudded for a moment. Did his actions make her feel violated?
He hastily withdrew his hand and explained, “Jasmine, I didn’t mean to…”
“Are you treating me like a child?” Jasmine interrupted him before he could finish his explanation.
She didn’t notice his solemn cautiousness.
Boyce looked at her young face, “You are a child.”
“Boyce.” Jasmine patted him on his chest, “Don’t treat me like a child.”
Boyce whispered, “But you were originally not that old…”
“Then will you date a child?” Jasmine raised her head. ‘How annoying and ridiculous! How come he doesn’t know even the slightest thing about love affair?’
Boyce’s voice was silenced almost instantly.
It took a long time for him to find something to change the topic, “What are you cutting?”
Jasmine looked at the pineapple under the fruit knife and blinked, “Don’t you know pineapple?”
Boyce was left speechless.
He would be stupid if he didn’t know it. He just wanted to change the cursed topic; he didn’t know he would get embarrassed again upon opening his mouth.
Jasmine smiled, took a small piece of fruit and raised it to his lips, “Try it.”
Boyce opened his mouth stiffly.
Jasmine smiled sweetly and asked, “Is it tasty?”
“Sweet,” Boyce replied.
Jasmine stared at his quivering lips and checked that there was no one at the door. She stepped close and kissed him on the lips before asking, “Which is sweeter? Me or the pineapple?”
Boyce could only feel the warmth that remained on his lips, her soft touch had not yet dissipated. The nervousness and his violently beating heart caused by her sudden kiss had yet to calm down. He stammered for a long time, unable to speak.
Jasmine liked that he didn’t know what to do in light of this situation. He looked a bit silly and a little funny.
“All done.” Jasmine put the cut fruit on the plate. She had worked at a restaurant and had seen those chefs arrange the plate, so she arranged the fruit on the plate very delicately. Moreover, the dishes at the villa were also very pretty, making it look very pleasing to the eye.
Boyce said, “You know how to do so much.”
Jasmine said self-mockingly, “I am awesome, right?”
Boyce knew that she had experienced a lot in her life, that was why she could do so many things.
He reached out and touched her cheek softly. Distressed, he said, “I will take care of you from now on.”
Jasmine nodded vigorously and said, “I believe in you.”
“Tsk tsk, you are too unbridled. Is it okay to whisper sweet things to one another in other people’s homes?” Theresa leaned against the kitchen door with her arms around her chest, laughing and teasing them.
Boyce turned to look at her, “Why are you so in-tune with Armand today?”
Theresa left as soon as Armand was mentioned.
Jasmine laughed.
“We should go too.”
Boyce nodded.
“Everyone, eat some fruit.” Jasmine and Boyce put the fruit dish on the coffee table.
Everyone could eat fruit and chit chat.
“I am going to eat something first and then do the rest.” Amanda found an excuse. She felt learning how to write was too difficult, and her hand hurt from writing.
Andrew had already finished the homework assigned by the teacher, only Amanda still hadn’t finished hers yet.
Jayden also loved his granddaughter dearly. He said, “Okay. Eat something. Take a break and then finish.”
“Thank you, Grandpa.” Amanda held Jayden’s face and gave him a squelchy kiss.
Jayden smiled kindly. 
At this moment, the doorbell rang. Theresa was near; she stood up and said, “Sit, all of you, I will open the door.”
She walked to the door and opened it to see an unfamiliar middle-aged woman pushing a wheelchair.
#####Chapter 730 Failed to Recognize Her at the Encounter
She knew the lady in the wheelchair.
She was Armand’s grandma, Elizabeth.
Why was she here?
Theresa changed her appearance, the old lady didn’t recognize her, she asked, “Who are you?”
She had never seen this woman.
Theresa didn’t know how to answer her for a moment, what should she say?
To tell her she was Theresa or what?
She’d never thought that she could meet Elizabeth here.
Boyce walked over, saw that it was Elizabeth, he smiled, “What causes you to come here, Mrs. Bernie?”
The old lady’s eyes turned wet and red, “I’m here for you and Matthew.”
Boyce took the wheelchair from the nurse, asked, “What happened?”
The old lady sighed deeply.
“It’s Armand, he made me angry,” once Elizabeth thought of Armand’s desperate look, she felt she couldn’t bear it.
“Did he ever call you?” Elizabeth asked.
They quarreled fiercely, so Armand left. She was worried about him, but she couldn’t accept his opinions.
“No, what happened?” Boyce took a look at Theresa and asked.
“He told me suddenly that he doesn’t like children and wants to be a dink, is he crazy?”
Boyce pushed Elizabeth away from the door, and asked Theresa to stay in the house.
She heard all that Elizabeth said, and knew what she was here for.
She wanted Matthew and Boyce to persuade Armand.
Even though she didn’t follow them, Theresa would know what the old lady was to say. She didn’t follow up, because it would only make her uncomfortable.
Boyce parked the old lady next to the rectangular fountain on the right side of the villa. He didn't say it in the house, because he was afraid Theresa would hear it.
There were many people in the room, Boyce was afraid that someone would slip out and let the old lady know it was Theresa who opened the door.
Actually, without hearing her out, he knew what happened already, or the old lady wouldn’t come here to the villa at such a late time in the night according to her health condition.
The old lady sighed, “Do you know what happened to Armand?”
She’d never heard that Armand didn’t like the kids, instead, he looked forward to having a kid of his own.
Yet, everything changed suddenly, every time she asked him to have a baby, he would show his unwillingness.
She couldn’t make it clear, and wouldn’t.
“Boyce, tell me, did anything happen to him? Why things turn to be like this?”
Boyce didn’t know how to persuade the old lady, “currently, in our society, there are many young people who don’t like children actually.”
“I don’t care about what other young men think about, only him!” The old lady interrupted him furiously, “You know his situation, we have only him as the grandson in our family, if he doesn’t want babies, then there won’t be another offspring in our family, how can I explain to his grandpa when I die?”
Boyce pursed his lips and didn’t speak.
Elizabeth looked at Boyce and narrowed her eyes, “Do you know something?”
“No, I...”
“Boyce,” Elizabeth interrupted him again, “I don’t have many days to live, don’t cheat me with Armand. Tell me, did he find Theresa?”
Except for this reason, she couldn’t think of other things that should make Armand so strange.
“Doesn’t she want to give birth to the baby for Armand?” The old lady guessed.
Boyce didn’t know what to say, “You are not in a good health, I’ll send you back to the hospital.”
“I won’t leave if you don’t tell me the truth,” Elizabeth was resolute.
Boyce had no other ways but to took out his phone and was about to call Armand when Theresa came over.
“Boyce, you can go back home, I’ll talk to grandma.”
Boyce came to pull her over, “I’ll deal with it here, you just go back.”
Theresa smiled, “Can you?”
With only one question, she made Boyce speechless.
“It’s okay, just go inside,” Theresa smiled; she thought it clearly when she was in the room. She had to face it sooner or later as long as she wanted to be with Armand. They had to face the old lady whatsoever.
Boyce hesitated.
“You can’t solve it, the problem lies in me. I’ll talk to grandma, just get inside,” Theresa appeared quite calm and sober, so Boyce nodded after thinking for a while, “Call me if there is anything needed.”
Theresa agreed, “okay.”
Armand got inside, and Theresa came over.
Elizabeth stared at her, “You want to talk to me, young lady? Who are you?”
The old lady had no impression on her, and was sure that she’d never seen her.
Theresa said warmly, “Nice to meet you, grandma.”
Elizabeth was a bit confused, “Who are you on earth? Do I know you? Why do you call me grandma?”
Theresa clenched her hand, loosened it again, and repeated it several times, “I’m Armand’s girlfriend.”
The old lady widened her eyes suddenly, “You are Armand’s girlfriend?”
Theresa nodded.
“Then it’s you who don’t want babies?” That was the reason of Armand’s unwillingness to give birth to babies?
Boyce got inside the room worriedly, he called Armand.
Luckily, Armand didn’t turn his phone off and put through quickly.
It was quiet on the other side, Boyce didn’t know where Armand was.
“Come over to the villa quickly,” Boyce said.
Armand wasn’t in a good mood and didn’t want Theresa to notice it, so he said, “I’m not going.”
“Your grandma is here, and Theresa is talking to her now.”
Armand was smoking on the bench beside the river, upon hearing that his grandma went to the villa, he stood up quickly, “How did she go there?”
“On the wheelchair, with the help of the nurse possibly,” Boyce said.
“I’ll be right over there,” Armand hang up, got in the car, then drove to the villa.
Outside the villa, Elizabeth was sizing Theresa up. Even though it was in the night, the light outside was quite bright, she could see Theresa clearly.
She was beautiful, yet she lacked a sense of intimacy, so Elizabeth’s impression on Theresa wasn’t that good.
Theresa said honestly, “It’s me, I don’t want a baby.”
Elizabeth soon became gloomy, “Why?” Without waiting for Theresa to answer, she continued, “You are not a match for Armand, break up with him right away.”
The old lady thought in her heart that the woman in front of her was much worse than Theresa.
Theresa was much better than her.
Theresa was so reasonable, she was beautiful and amiable, and was so nice to her. Elizabeth was so sad thinking of this. And this woman, she should egg on Armand not to have a baby even before they got married.
And Armand even accepted her proposal.
Was he crazy?
For such a woman?
The old lady was so furious, she breathed heavily, “I tell you, you forget to marry Armand. Don’t say that you don’t want to give birth to babies, even if you want, I would definitely object it!”
#####Chapter 731 Overjoyed
“Having a baby is my own business. So what if you don’t agree?” Armand strode over.
He was quite determined, just the same as he was in the hospital.
His grandmother, Elizabeth, was shocked by his attitude. That was why she asked the nursing worker to borrow a wheelchair from the hospital and came to the villa at night, despite that she was quite sick now. She wanted Matthew and Boyce to convince Armand.
As soon as Elizabeth saw her grandson, tears welled up in her eyes, “What on earth is wrong you?”
She wondered if he had been bewitched by the temptress.
Theresa put her hands together, watching Armand strode over from not afar.
She wasn’t surprised as she knew that Boyce must have informed him.
Actually, she believed it was a good chance to talk about the matter openly.
If Armand’s grandmother couldn’t accept her no matter what, she would quit. It was unnecessary to make Armand bothered between them.
“Armand, have you forgotten Theresa?” Elizabeth tried hard to convince Armand. After all, he used to like Theresa before.
“I am Theresa.”
Right after Armand approached them, he heard Theresa tell Elizabeth directly.
He looked over at her. Under the light, he stared at her calm face.
He knew that she wasn’t so calm inwardly as she looked now.
Armand reached out to grab her hand, looking over at his grandmother.
Elizabeth was confused. She thought she had misheard something.
“What... What did you say?” Her first reaction was that the young woman was lying to her.
She had met Theresa before.
“She’s telling the truth. She was kidnapped and injured seriously back then, so her look was changed. It was also because of that explosion, she couldn’t become a mother.”
Armand had planned to convince Elizabeth before taking Theresa to her and told her what had happened.
In that case, Theresa didn’t need to have the stress of having no kid. After all, his grandmother would give up the idea.
However, things didn’t go as he had happened. Hence, he could only tell his grandmother everything frankly. He hoped that she could give up on mentioning the child for the sake that Theresa had suffered a lot.
Elizabeth couldn’t speak for a long while. She stared at Theresa, trying to find a trace of the past on her face.
However, it was way too difficult. She couldn’t find any.
“Are... Are you truly Theresa?” Elizabeth’s voice trembled in disbelief and shock.
Theresa parted her lips and wanted to admit it. Armand suddenly grabbed her hand and said to his grandmother, “Yes. She is Theresa.”
Elizabeth waved her hand, “Go away. I just want to listen to her.”
She gazed at Theresa without a blink.
Theresa didn’t feel hesitant. She said, “Yes, I am Theresa.”
Elizabeth parted her lips but couldn’t utter any word for a long while.
It was so incredible.
After a long while, she reached out to Theresa and waved at her, “Come over. Let me take a look...”
Theresa pulled away Armand’s hand, walked to Elizabeth, and squatted down gently. Elizabeth reached out her trembling hands and stroked her cheeks. It was a completely strange face.
It looked so strange that Elizabeth could hardly believe that was Theresa.
She couldn’t imagine how seriously Theresa had been injured so that she must change her look.
Even her voice was different. She was completely another woman.
“It’s our fault...”
Elizabeth wiped off the tears dropped from the corner of her eyes. She felt sorry for Theresa as well as shocked. She still couldn’t accept the fact yet.
While feeling shocked, she knew it clearly - the young woman was Theresa. As long as Theresa was with Armand, she wouldn’t be able to have a great-grandson all her life.
However, if she would be against them, she wouldn’t carry the weight of her conscience.
Elizabeth was in a panic and ambivalent.
“When did you come back? Why didn’t you come to see me?” Elizabeth calmed down.
Theresa lowered her head in silence.
Even if she was silent, Elizabeth knew the reason, “It must be because of Armand, the bastard. He has hurt you so much that you even didn’t want to come to see me.”
“I can understand you.” Elizabeth held Theresa’s hand tightly, “As long as you are fine, that’s good.”
She truly hoped that Theresa was safe and sound.
Theresa pressed her lips and said, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault. It’s ours.” Elizabeth was quite reasonable. She knew who had done something wrong in the past.
Armand squatted down next to Theresa, putting his arm on her shoulder, “Grandma, I want to be with Theresa. Do you agree?”
Elizabeth looked at him, knowing that he must get an answer.
If she wouldn’t agree, she would be a ruthless woman. After all, Theresa became like this because of them.
“Of course, I agree.” Elizabeth couldn’t accept that Theresa wouldn’t become a mother, but she thought that everything could be cured as the medical skills were so advanced now.
Armand had never expected that his grandmother could accept that they wouldn’t have children because it was Theresa. He was overjoyed, “You are the best, Grandma!”
He hugged Elizabeth excitedly.
However, Elizabeth didn’t feel delighted at all. She pushed her grandson away and said to Theresa, “Will you come to see me in the hospital tomorrow?”
Theresa hesitated for a moment and answered, “Sure.”
Elizabeth patted her on the hand, “It’s getting late. You should go to bed early.”
Armand helped Theresa up, still feeling overexcited. He said, “Thank you, Grandma.”
Elizabeth ignored Armand and didn’t answer him. She yelled at the nursing worker who was standing afar, “Push me back.”
Armand hurriedly said, “I’ll walk Theresa in. Please let me send you back to the hospital later.”
Theresa said, “No, thank you, Armand. Please send Grandma back.”
After all, Elizabeth couldn’t walk, and she needed help to sit in the car. It was proper for Armand to send her back.
Armand still wanted to say something, but Theresa smiled at him, “Let’s meet in the hospital tomorrow.”
After finishing her words, she turned around and walked into the villa.
Armand didn’t follow her. It made sense - his grandmother had agreed, so they had plenty of chances in the future.
He pushed Elizabeth and sent her back.
However, inwardly, Elizabeth was planning to find a good doctor to do the checkup for Theresa.
Armand was still overjoyed because his grandmother had accepted Theresa. He didn’t notice that Elizabeth had her own purpose to ask Theresa to go to the hospital.
#####Chapter 732 Unless You Will Have Surrogacy
The next early morning, Theresa went to the hospital. She also bought a fruit basket, since she was going to visit an elder in the hospital. She couldn’t go there without a gift.
She must be polite.
Elizabeth didn’t sleep for a whole night. How could she understand and accept it since she had the ingrained thoughts?
She agreed because Theresa was injured because of them, so she had to say yes. Besides, she believed that the doctor could cure the inability to bear a baby.
She had completely ignored that Theresa’s face was flawless, which could only be achieved by advanced medicals kills. She still thought that Theresa hadn’t met a good doctor.
She asked Theresa to come to see her in the hospital because she wanted to give her a checkup.
She wanted Theresa to get medical treatment.
Now the medical skills were so advanced, Elizabeth believed that Theresa would eventually get pregnant.
If not, she could accept the tube baby, as long as it was Armand’s baby.
Theresa knocked on the door. Armand went to open it. Seeing her, he immediately took over the gift from her hands. He asked in a gentle tone, “Had breakfast?”
Theresa answered, “Yeah. I came here after breakfast.”
Armand let her in, “Come on in.”
“Come and sit here, Theresa.” Elizabeth waved at her.
Theresa walked over. Elizabeth could agree, which made her surprised. She was quite grateful to Elizabeth as well, as she knew how much Elizabeth wanted a great-grandson.
“Good morning, Grandma.”
“Morning.” Elizabeth pulled her hand and said, “You’ve lost a lot of weight. You must have suffered a lot.”
Theresa looked down and said, “It’s all bygones.”
Elizabeth patted her on the hand and said, “Don’t be afraid. I’ll be there with you in the future.”
Then they heard a few knocks on the door.
Armand went to open the door. Usually, doctors would come here for the ward rounds at this time in the morning.
However, it wasn’t the doctor who usually checked Elizabeth up.
Armand asked, “Excuse me...”
“I’m Dr. Hawkins...”
“Hi, Dr. Hawkins. Please come in,” said Elizabeth towards the door.
Armand looked back at his grandmother, “What’s going on?”
He didn’t change the doctor. The doctor who always saw Elizabeth was an expert with high capability.
It was not necessary to change to another doctor.
“This is Dr. Hawkins, specializing in infertility. I asked him to check up on Theresa. We are not a poor family. I’m sure Theresa could be cured.” Elizabeth believed that she was doing it for the good of Armand and Theresa.
In an instant, Theresa felt as if she was poured by a basin of cold water. She felt chilly from the tip to toe.
Reaching out her hand, she felt that her throat was so dried out that she couldn’t utter a word.
Armand also looked quite annoyed instantly. He said to Dr. Hawkins in a cold tone, “No, the checkup is unnecessary. Please leave.”
“Why not? Theresa can’t give birth, can she? Dr. Hawkins used to study abroad and he’s an expert. Probably he could cure Theresa,” said Elizabeth hurriedly, “I’m doing it for your own good. You don’t want to have no child all your life, do you?”
“I’ve told you I don’t want any child...”
“Don’t panic. If you truly have the problem of infertility, I can help you. Besides, the test tube technology is so advanced now...”
Theresa stood up and looked at the young doctor expressionlessly, “Can you do the test tube baby without a uterus?”
“Well... I can’t do it.” The test tube would only be used to cultivate the germ. The baby needed to grow up in the uterus. Without the uterus, the baby couldn’t be born at all.
Unless they would use surrogacy and let the baby grow in another woman’s uterus.
“Hence, you can’t cure me.” Theresa kept shaking while standing. Whenever it was mentioned, she felt unbearable pain in her heart as if it was stabbed by a dagger.
She tried hard to keep calm and looked back at Elizabeth, “I’m sorry, Grandma, but I must go now. I need to deal with something urgent.”
After finishing her words, she strode towards the door. Armand immediately followed her and pulled her hand, “Wait, Theresa...”
Theresa suddenly shook off his hand. Then she felt that she was too excited. She shouldn’t have vented her anger on others. However, she felt quite upset. Her defect was exposed in front of others directly, making her felt that she was just a clown as she had a defect and wasn’t a complete woman.
She adjusted her mood as fast as she could, “Armand, I got a call from Uncle. He said there’s something urgent with him now. I must go back. Please take good care of Grandma.”
Then she strode out of the ward.
Armand was worried about her, following her, “Theresa, please listen to me. I didn’t know Grandma would call the doctor. Please don’t mind...”
“No, I don’t mind at all. I have a defect in my body. Why should I be angry?”
She gazed at Armand sharply, “Just exposing my defect to others made me upset. Can you understand how I fee?”
Armand said, “I know. I didn’t tell Grandma that you are Theresa because I was afraid that she kept mentioning having a baby to you, and then you would feel stressed. I’m sorry. I didn’t do a good job.”
Theresa sniffed, “Please go back. I truly must go now.”
Holding back her tears, she added, “If it’s not resolved or you can’t resolve it, please call me on the phone. I want to be by myself. Please don’t go to find me for the time being.”
“I’m sorry...”
Armand felt so upset when seeing how frustrated she was.
Theresa pressed her lips, determinedly turned around, and walked out of the hospital.
Armand rubbed his cheeks with strength, feeling as if he had fallen from heaven to hell.
Last night, he had imagined a lot of happy scenes in the future.
He kept thinking about how to give Theresa a romantic marriage proposal.
However, today...
He turned around and walked back to the ward, overhearing Elizabeth talking to that doctor.
Elizabeth was shocked at Theresa’s reaction. She understood what was wrong, but seemingly that she didn’t understand it at all. Probably she was unwilling to believe what Theresa had said. She still had hope in her heart and wanted to get a satisfying answer from the doctor. She hoped that she had misheard just now, “What... What does it mean by having no uterus?”
#####Chapter 733 Vivid and Dramatic
The doctor thought that Elizabeth truly didn’t understand it, so he directly answered, “No uterus means a baby can’t grow up in her belly. She can’t give birth at all.”
Elizabeth’s eyelids trembled. It wasn’t until then did she understand why Armand kept emphasizing that he didn’t want to have children so determinedly. It turned out that Theresa couldn’t give birth at all.
She had lost her womb, which wasn’t curable at all. It meant that Theresa couldn’t have her own children all her life. She couldn’t be a mother.
“Take good care, Elizabeth. I’ve gotta go now.” The doctor turned around and walked out of the ward.
Elizabeth returned to her senses, “Thank you, Doc.”
The doctor smiled, “I didn’t help with anything.”
Elizabeth looked at the closed door in a daze. She couldn’t accept it at all.
If Armand wouldn’t have his children, it meant that the Bernie family wouldn’t have had any later generations.
She was completely confused.
Armand came back and sat on the chair next to the bed. His elbows pressed the knees and he bent over, keeping silent.
Elizabeth was quiet as well.  
She seemed to need time to digest the information.
City C.
Theresa took the earliest flight to leave City B. She arrived in City C at past one in the afternoon. Oscar came to pick her up.
She looked pretty pale. Oscar strode over, only to find that she didn’t take along much luggage but only a backpack. Oscar reached out his hand, “I can take it for you.”
Theresa looked up at him and greeted him, “Hi, Uncle.”
Oscar asked worriedly, “Do you not feel well? You look quite pale.”
Theresa shook her head, “Nah. I’m just bothered by something.”
Oscar said with a smile, “Come on. Let’s have some fun.”
He was an optimistic man with a young mind. He always spoke in a perfunctory manner. 
Theresa didn’t want to have fun. She only wanted to be with herself.
Oscar dragged her out of the airport, “When you feel down, you can be alone. Otherwise, you’ll be more depressed. Follow me. I’m sure you’ll be happy.”
Out of the airport, he dragged Theresa to the car that was parked at the roadside. He opened the rear door and put her backpack in the backseat. Then he opened the door of the passenger seat, pressing Theresa in.
He sat on the driver’s seat, started the engine, and drove away.
Theresa asked, “Where are you taking me to?”
“You’ll know when we get there.” Oscar deliberately kept it secret.
Theresa turned to look at him. He was always smiling as if he cared about nothing.
She felt quite relaxed when being with him. She said jokingly, “I’m not happy. You are responsible for delighting me today.”
“Why should I?”
“Because I call you Uncle.”
Oscar smiled, “Well, you are always sharp-tongued in front of me. Tell me. Has Armand pissed you off?”
“Uncle, could you stop mentioning something that I don’t want to talk about?” As soon as she thought about Armand and Elizabeth, Theresa felt quite depressed.
“Hee hee,” Oscar let out a laugh, “When I meet him again, I’ll tie him up and beat him up for avenging you.”
“You’ve made the promise. I’ll remember it.”
“I’m always a man of his word. You can’t feel sorry for him when I beat him.”
“No, I won’t.” Theresa pretended to be fierce, “It’s better to make him cripple.”
Oscar laughed, “You are just talking the talk. If I truly hit him, you’ll shed tears while feeling sorry for him.”
The car was pulled over in front of a shopping mall.
Theresa blinked in disbelief, “Are we going to have fun here?”
Oscar shrugged, “If I’ll make you join my circle, I’m afraid you won’t bear it.”
Theresa curled her lips, “It turns out your circle is way too wild.”
“What do you mean by wild? As a single man, my life is vivid and dramatic. Are you interested in joining it?” Oscar knocked on the steering wheel with one hand, looking quite playful.
Theresa pushed the door open and got off, “Save the vivid and dramatic life for you. Since we are in the mall, Uncle, are you going to pay for the bills?”
“Sure, I am. Let’s go.”
Oscar pretended to be an arrogant rich man, reaching out his arm, “Take my arm. Don’t run around.”
Theresa laughed, feeling annoyed, “You don’t run around.”
They were chatting and laughing. Oscar took her to the entertainment section in the basement. Theresa asked, “Didn’t we come here for shopping?”
Oscar waved his hand, “You girls only know shopping. Can you be more interesting?”
Theresa curled her lips, “No wonder you don’t have a girlfriend. Girls always like shopping.”
“Girls who have a crush on me are waiting in a line. I just don’t want to marry any of them. Believe it or not. As long as I wave my hand at them, my house would be fully packed.”
“Keep on bragging.”
“Why don’t you believe me? I’ll show you tomorrow.”
After they entered the entertainment section, they heard all kinds of sounds from the video games. There were adults and students in the section, quite livid.
Standing in front of the automatic coin changer, Oscar scanned the QR code and exchanged the game coins for three hundred yuan. More than three hundred coins dropped out for a while. He reached out and put them into his pockets. Soon, both his pockets were full. The coins were like the one yuan coin, made of metal. Three hundred coins were pretty heavy.
With a smile, he said, “Come on. Let’s go play Whac-A-Mole.”
Theresa gaped.
Whac-A-Mole was for kids. How childish it was!
“Why did I believe you? Uncle, can you be more reliable?”
Theresa stood motionlessly. Oscar pulled her over. He inserted two coins into the Whac-A-Mole machine and pressed a hammer into her hand, “Make those moles as Armand. Smash them hard.”
Theresa looked up at him.
“Why? Are you reluctant?” Oscar laughed.
Theresa snorted, “Reluctant? Humph! Watch me.”
Soon the game started. Theresa held the hammer with both hands and smashed the moles that suddenly appeared.
Oscar stood aside while cheering, “Come on! Good Job!”
After one round, Theresa hadn’t smashed enough yet. She said to Oscar, “Uncle, please insert another two coins. I want to play another round.”
She found that when she concentrated on observing the moles, she would forget all things that had been bothering her. When she smashed the moles, she felt quite happy.
“All right.” Oscar inserted another two coins.
After finishing playing Whac-A-Mole, they played other facilities.
They had almost played almost all the games in the Game City. When they got tired, they bought the milk tea from a store next to it. Drinking up the milk tea, Oscar tossed the glass into the garbage can, “We should go home now.”
He took Theresa here for relaxing so that she could take a break. If she was bothering by something for a long time, it was easy for her to overthink.
Since Dolores wasn’t here and no one else could comfort Theresa, Oscar was a man and he couldn’t comfort her. He had just done something that he could do.
Theresa was holding a bear doll that was got from the UFO catcher. With a glass of milk tea in on hand, she nodded in agreement.
They left the shopping mall and got in the car. Oscar drove her back to her community after twenty minutes.
Right then, a taxi was also pulled over in front of the community.
#####Chapter 734 Abbott Who Suffered
Passengers in the taxi got off at almost the same time as Theresa and Oscar. They were taken aback when seeing each other. Dolores came back to her senses quickly. Looking at the doll in Theresa’s arms, she asked, “Where did you go with Uncle?”
The checkup result was almost the same as that was done domestically. Dolores wanted to come back to give birth, so they didn’t stay abroad for a long time.
Before going back to City B, Dolores wanted to come over to City C.
Hence, they flew to City C directly. After the visit, they planned to go back to City B.
“Are you all right? Why did you come back?” Theresa strode over, “How did the checkup go?”
Dolores pressed her lips and said calmly, “Nothing serious. I might give birth before the delivery date. No worries.”
She didn’t want her friends to be worried for her.
“That’s good then,” said Theresa, feeling fortunate.
Dolores smiled, “Since when you are so close to Uncle?” As she spoke, she deliberately cast a glance at the doll in her arms.
Oscar hurriedly explained, “She was quite down earlier. Her boyfriend pissed her off. I took her to have some fun.”
Dolores looked over at Theresa and asked, “Did you argue with Armand?”
Theresa looked down, “It’s still because that I can’t give birth.”
It was a difficult question, hard to resolve.
Oscar didn’t want to join this subject. He was a man who knew nothing about it. He said, “All right. I’ve gotta leave now.”
He pulled the door open. Theresa turned around and said, “Be careful when driving, Uncle. Bye.”
“Sure.” Oscar paused a bit before getting in. Looking over at Matthew, he asked, “Will you stay here for a few days?”
“Two days.” Matthew came over after paying the ticket fare.
“Have a rest today. Let’s have dinner tomorrow,” said Oscar.
Matthew answered, “Okay.”
“I’m taking off now.” Oscar sat in his car.
Matthew walked to Dolores, “Let’s go in.”
Theresa nodded, “I’ve almost forgotten. You just got off the plane and must be tired. I’ve just changed the bedsheet for your room. You can have a rest soon.”
Dolores said with a smile, “Thank you, Theresa.”
“Don’t mention it.” Theresa faked being unhappy. She walked ahead to open the door.
Dolores smiled behind her.
After entering the apartment, Theresa changed into her slippers at the door. Then she pulled out two pairs of slippers. She walked in and asked, “Have you had dinner yet? Do you need to have something?”
Dolores answered, “No, thanks.”
The boiling water had been running out, so Theresa went to boil some water, “There are milk and fruit juice in the fridge. What would you like to drink?”
“Fruit juice, please.” Dolores sat on the sofa.
Theresa opened the fridge, took out the fruit juice, and poured one glass for her. She asked Matthew what he wanted to drink.
He also chose fruit juice.
Hence, Theresa came over with two glasses of fruit juice in the tray. Sitting on the single couch, she told Dolores that Jessica had left the jail.
Dolores paused when picking up the juice. Her eyes lit up, “For real?”
Theresa smiled, “Why would I lie to you on this matter?”
Dolores was excited. It was good news for her. She grabbed Matthew’s hand and said between sobs, “I’m so glad that she came out.”
They had depended on each other for years. They loved each other deeply.
Although they were not blood-related, their love was deeper than the blood-related family affection.
It was also good news for Matthew. Dolores needed someone to comfort her right now. Although she always pretended as if everything was fine, he knew that she had hidden her worry in her heart.
Right now, since Jessica could show up, she should bring Dolores some peace and easiness.
Matthew hummed gently.
“By the way...” said Theresa, “Kevin wants to come over. We accidentally talked about the Gambiered Canton Gauze. I told him we have a factory here.”
Gambiered Canton Gauze was from the Forbis family, and Kevin knew it very well. If he could come over to manage the factory, it would be wonderful. Meanwhile, he could share the workload with Oscar.
“It works. What do you think?” Dolores turned around to ask Matthew.
Matthew said, “It’s all up to you.”
Dolores smiled at him.
Theresa clicked her tongue, “Stop it! Don’t do PDA to me.”
Matthew laughed, “You can go into your room.”
Theresa stood up and stretched, “I’ve just come back from City B and I need a rest as well. Just suit yourselves.”
Then she walked back to her bedroom.
Matthew wrapped around Dolores’s waist, “Come on. Let’s have a rest as well. You didn’t sleep well when we were abroad.”
Dolores followed him into her bedroom.
Time passed fast.
When in City C, Dolores went to the store. Besides Theresa, there were also newly hired tailors and designers, so they could handle the business. There were a lot of customers. Dolores stayed in the store for one day and she saw six or seven customers.
After going back to City C, she had informed Kevin that he could come over to City C if he was willing to. He would manage the factory.
Upon hearing that he could once again manage the factory of Gambiered Canton Gauze, Kevin said in a depressed and fortunate tone, “I’m not too old to do anything yet. I feel so spirited when you ask me to manage the factory of Gambiered Canton Gauze again.”
After all, it was passed down from the ancestor of the Forbis family. Kevin had a special love in it.
Two days later, he went to City C. Oscar received him and transferred the job to him. Dolores didn’t need to care about it.
The baby would be seven and a half months in a few days. Before that, Dolores must arrange everything well.
After that, she wouldn’t have any time. She needed to lie on the bed until the eighth month and deliver ahead of time.
The doctor suggested her stay in bed in the hospital so that she could have a checkup every day.
For the baby’s good and Dolores’s safety, Matthew decided to stay in the hospital for recovery.
Jessica, Coral, the driver, and Jayden were at all, so Dolores and Matthew didn’t need to take care of the kids.
Jayden asked them to rest assured and stay in the hospital. He would take care of the family.
Matthew went back to town. Boyce went back to his apartment and Jasmine went back to college, so she stayed in the school accommodation.
Armand and Elizabeth seemed to be deadlocked. Elizabeth kept thinking, but she still couldn’t accept that she wouldn’t have a great-grandson.
Even she felt sorry for Theresa, she couldn’t agree with her to be reconciled with Armand.
Since he couldn’t get approval from Elizabeth, Armand couldn’t face Theresa, and neither did he go to see her in City C.
Besides Armand, Abbott was also bothered.
“Abbott, you said they had gone abroad so you couldn’t do anything. I saw Matthew Nelson come to the company.” When Abbott knocked off at night, Emma stopped him at the door.
Abbott took a look at her and said, “Let’s get in.”
Emma nodded.
They walked into Abbott’s apartment. It was not the first time that Emma was here. To make her believe him and avoid her from making any trouble, Abbott lied to her that he was willing to help her take revenge on Matthew.
A few days ago, Matthew had gone abroad. Abbott told her that there was no chance and asked her to wait a bit.
Emma also got the information that Matthew had gone abroad with Dolores, so she believed Abbott.
She was quite calm in the past few days and didn’t make any trouble.
Now, Matthew had come back in town, and she couldn’t stand and watch without doing anything.
After entering the apartment, Abbott poured a glass of water for her.
Emma sat on the sofa. She was wearing a white chiffon blouse and an A-shaped skirt, revealing her thin white legs. With her legs crossed, she looked at Abbott and said, “Abbott, I need you to do me a favor.”
Abbott put the water in front of her, sat opposite, and took a glance at her swinging legs in front of the tea table. He asked, “What kind of favor?”
Emma crooked her finger, “Come over.”
#####Chapter 735 Don’t You Want to Do Something
Abbott sat still, “You can speak directly. There’s no outsider here. No one else would hear it.”
Emma’s expression gradually turned cold, “Why? Why are you so afraid of me? Will I swallow you alive?”
Abbott was hiding her. She wasn’t a tigress, was she?
Abbott stared at her for a few seconds in silence. To make her trust him, he sniffed, move to sit next to her, and smiled, “Why are you so petty?”
Emma snorted, “Abbott, did you lie to me when agreeing to help me?”
“I didn’t. I truly didn’t lie to you.” Abbott had a flattery smile, “I planned to quit. To help you, I didn’t quit but I became undercover for you. What’s your plan?”
As long as he knew her plan, he would resolve the problem ahead.
Emma thought for a moment, “I’m not nuts, but I’m upset and frustrated because my family has been broken. I know that I have to be punished by the law for breaking the law, but I can’t be indifferent to those who have destroyed my family but still lead a happy life. It’s not against the law to destroy the couple and make them break up, right?”
At least, she hadn’t heard that any mistress was put into jail.
Abbott was speechless.
In his opinion, there were so many mistresses in this world. If being a mistress was against the law, he wondered if the number would decrease.
He strongly wished that such kind of law would be announced.
Destroying others’ families was moral corruption. Violating others’ ownership should be defined as a crime! 
However, Abbott was only hoping that. It wasn’t a realist. The most important right now was to get to know Emma’s plan.
“What do you plan to do?” asked Abbott.
Emma looked up at him, “You are working closely with Matthew Nelson, and he trusts you a lot, doesn’t he?”
“Of course. Otherwise, I wouldn’t stay in his company for such a long time,” said Abbott.
Emma leaned over, approached to his ear, and whispered to him, “Take Matthew Nelson to Grand Hyatt Hotel and knock him out, no matter by piling him with alcohol, drugging him, or any other ways. You’d better pile him with alcohol, make it a drunken scene, and show his wife Dolores Flores. She must misunderstand it when seeing Matthew Nelson and another woman lying on the bed naked.”
Abbott moved back a bit, feeling a chill all over, “Are you sure you’ll be so shameless?”
He had to admit this woman was too filthy, and even men couldn’t compare to her.
Emma grabbed his collar and leaned over, “Why are you moving back?”
Abbott said honestly, “You are too shameless.”
Emma laughed, “Are you jealous?”
Abbott looked down at her, his gaze falling on her collar that was open because she was leaning over. He could see her curves. Despite Emma’s evil intentions, as a woman, she was quite attractive.
At least, Abbott was aroused by her now.
He looked away, “If I admit I’ll be jealous, will you stop it?”
Emma had a bright smile, feeling quite delighted, “You are my man. Of course, I won’t have sex with another man. Besides, I wouldn’t make myself an obverse target. As long as I’ll spend some money, a lot of women in the nightclubs will want to do it. I don’t need to do it myself...”
As she spoke, she released him. Her fingers reached in from his collar. Touching his chest, she said enchantingly, “Abbott, are you a man?”
Abbott said stiffly, “Don’t you know if I’m a man or not?”
Emma laughed, “I know.”
She leaned lower, almost pressing on Abbott, “Don’t you want to do something in such a night?”
Abbott looked out of the window. It was completely dark outside. Only colorful neon lights were flashing, rendering the sky. 
He slowly withdrew his gaze and asked in a low voice, “Do you know what you are doing?”
“We’re both adults. We can do whatever we want. Do I need to consider something else?” Her lips approached Abbott’s chin. She pecked on it gently, “I won’t ask you to take the responsibility. After you’ve finished doing me a favor and if you want me to vanish from your world, I won’t pester you.”
Abbott squinted, “Woman, you are so boring. After sleeping with me, do you just want to vanish?”
Emma unbuttoned the buttons on his shirt and said with a smile, “We’re not lovers or a couple. We don’t have any trading relationship. We are sort of sex partners. If you are interested, I can have sex with you without falling in love with you. After all, I like you very much.”
Her last line was full of seduce.
Abbott felt quite hot. It was a bit difficult for him to endure. In the end, he gave up. Carrying her, he walked to the bedroom.
After having sex, Abbott went to take a shower. Emma was nestling in the quilt naked. She still had a blush on her face that hadn’t faded away. She was quite sleepy but hadn’t fallen asleep yet, just feeling quite lazy.
Abbott came out of the bathroom in a bathrobe after more than ten minutes.
“Abbott, let’s be sex partners, shall we?”
Abbott didn’t agree or reject. He said, “You can sleep here tonight.”
Despite that she was naked, Emma lifted the quilt, got off, and held Abbott’s waist. Clinging to him tightly, she raised her head and kissed him on his lips, “If you don’t answer my question, I’ll take it as a yes. In the future, if I need it, I’ll come to you.”
Abbott patted her on her butts, “Do you want to take a shower?”
Emma shook her head. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she approached him and whispered in his ear, “I like to have your smell on me.”
Abbott looked down at her, pressing his lips tightly.
He had sex with her because he was a normal man. He had the physical desire for a woman. It was a purely physiological reaction.
However, upon hearing her words, he felt something else in his heart.
He wasn’t lured by her beauty and just said indifferently, “Go ahead and sleep.”
Emma tucked her into the quilt again. She asked, “What about you?”
“I need to go out for some business.” Abbott walked to the bed, reaching out to stroke her cheeks, “Will you not be able to fall asleep on someone else’s bed?”
“I might suffer from insomnia on someone else’s bed, but I’ll sleep sound on your bed.” She curled up her lips, “Go ahead with your business.”
Abbott took a deep breath, turned around, and walked out of the bed. When he reached out his hand to open the door, Emma asked, “Will you come back tonight?”
Abbott paused but didn’t look back. He answered, “Yes.”  
He felt quite guilty and dared not to look into her eyes.
After all, he was heading out to meet Matthew. They would discuss how to deal with her.
Abbott changed his clothes. He didn’t go back to the bedroom before leaving his apartment directly.
He drove to the hospital. After more than ten minutes, he arrived. He parked the car, pushed the door, and got off.
He took the elevator to the VIP inpatient department on the twenty-eighth floor. Pulling out his phone, he wanted to call Matthew. Since he was visiting them right now, he was afraid of disturbing Dolores.
It would be better to call Matthew out of the ward and have a discussion.
He dialed the number. When there was a beep on the phone, he also heard the ringing tone. He looked in the direction of the tone, only to find that Matthew and Armand were sitting on the bench in the corridor. He hung up the phone and walked over.
#####Chapter 736 Don’t Deceive Yourself
“Why do you come here now?” asked Armand.
As he walked over, Matthew and Armand saw him.
Abbott answered, “I have something to tell Mr. Nelson. Why are you here now?”
Armand answered jokingly, “I have something to tell your boss.”
Abbott sat down next to him, “What’s the matter? May I know it?”
“Don’t be so nosy.” Armand had finished the matter. He came here for Dolores, asking her how Theresa was doing recently.
He couldn’t make his grandmother agree, and nor did he have the guts to face Theresa. Hence, he could only know her stats from someone else.
Abbott wasn’t in the mood to mind others’ businesses. He was in a mess anyway.
“What about your matter?” Armand didn’t want to go home. As soon as he went home, Elizabeth would nag about giving up Theresa. She suggested compensating Theresa financially. She would keep nagging at him countlessly that Armand must have children, or she would feel too grace to meet the ancestors after she passed away.
Armand was quite tired of it and didn’t want to listen to her. Hence, he didn’t want to go home.
He’d rather listen to others’ gossip and delight himself.
Probably others were also bothered.
Boyce knew what Abbott was doing now, so Abbott didn’t mind letting Armand know. He directly told them about Emma’s plan.
“Emma Bailey? When did you hook up with her?” Armand looked at Abbott in disbelief.
Abbott glanced at him, frowning slightly, “Hook up? That sounds awful.”
“Then tell me how did you get together so suddenly?” Armand wondered what he had missed.
What happened when he wasn’t in town?
He was shocked about Abbott and Emma.
Abbott choked up for a moment. Anyway, he disliked those words, “I don’t want to explain.”
He got back to the point, “Emma Bailey isn’t crazy. She’s just reluctant, so she wants to take revenge. What should we do?”
It would be impossible to make her completely disappear. They were not afraid of the obvious tricks from the enemies but afraid of the unknown ones. With a woman who always wanted to make trouble around them, it was quite creepy indeed. Probably she would show up unexpectedly and stab on them all of a sudden.
That was just a disgusting feeling.
Besides, Dolores had some health issues now. Emma was just like a bomb that could explode at any time. They must resolve this problem completely.
Matthew thought for a moment. He didn’t tell them what he was thinking exactly. Instead, he said, “Tomorrow I’ll go to Grand Hyatt Hotel. Tell her you’ve succeeded and then lure her into the room.”
To completely get rid of her, he must do something ruthless and put her in jail so that she wouldn’t be able to harm others.
Abbott asked gingerly, “What’s your plan?”
He had been working for Matthew for a long time, so he knew that Matthew wasn’t a merciful man. Judging from his tone, Abbott felt that he seemed to plan to deal with Emma heartlessly.
Matthew stared at him for a few seconds, “You don’t need to know the details. Just do as I said.”
After that, he raised his wrist to check the watch. Dolores had a checkup at nine o’clock. It was half-past eight. He stood up and said, “You guys can leave now.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Nelson.” Abbott didn’t have the heart to see Emma ruin her own life.
“May I have a chance, please?”
Matthew didn’t speak. He stared at Abbott indifferent, seemingly figured out what Abbott wanted to say.
He didn’t tell the detailed plan to Abbot because he was afraid that Abbott would take Emma’s side.
Emma wasn’t bad-looking. After they got along and had sex, it was normal for them to love each other.
It didn’t mean that he couldn’t trust Abbott, but a human’s feelings were in that way. Matthew had to be alert.
“What do you want?”
Abbott thought for a moment, “I’ll try to convince her. If she insists on...”
Then he couldn’t do anything. They would deal with her according to Matthew’s plan in that case.
“Hey, do you have a crush on that woman?” Armand said directly.
Abbott immediately retorted, “No, I don’t.”
Armand sneered in disbelief. He stood up to leave the hospital. When passing by Abbott, he whispered, “Don’t deceive yourself, dude.”
Abbott snorted, “I know myself well. I’m not like you...”
“What about me?” Armand knew that he was referring to his past with Phoebe. Theresa was hurt because he didn’t have a clear mind at that time.
“Why are you so excited? Have I poked your sore spot?” Abbott deliberately pissed him.
Armand glared at him fiercely, “Don’t be so arrogant. In the future, you might be more miserable than me.’
Then he turned around and strode away.
In fact, Matthew didn’t want to say yes to Abbott at all, but for the sake that Abbott had been working for him for a long time, Matthew agreed.
“I don’t expect any mistake.” Although he agreed, he also expressed his expectation.
If Abbott failed to convince her, they must carry out his plan.
Abbott nodded, “I got it.”
Matthew hummed gently and said, “You can go home now.”
Abbott nodded, “May I call you later?”
Matthew said yes. After Abbott was gone, he went into the ward.
Dolores’s ward was quite huge. It was a suite with a living room, in which there was a set of sofa, a TV set, and a tea table. They could receive the guests paying for a visit.
The bedroom door was on the right side. The bedroom was quite big as well with a big French window. The curtain was half-down right now. Dolores was lying on the bed. Her long hair looked extremely charming under the moonlight. A few hairs covered her peaceful face, on which there seemed to cover a layer of fine gauze. She looked so tender and pretty.
Her eyes were closed, and her eyelashes were long and curly. She hadn’t fallen asleep at all. When hearing the sound, she opened her eyes.
#####Chapter 737 I Failed to Convince Her
She moved a bit, trying to sit up. Matthew strode over, helping her up.
Dolores sat up with his help and asked, “Is Armand gone?”
Matthew put a cushion behind her back and answered, “Yep. Didn’t you nap?”
Dolores looked spiritless, “I’ll have a checkup later, so I didn’t nap. I’m a bit thirsty.”
Matthew poured her a glass of warm water. She took it over and gulped down half glasses. Putting the glass on the nightstand, she asked, “What’s the time now?”
As soon as she finished asking, there were a few knocks on the door of the ward - a nurse came to inform them that it was time to do the checkup.
Matthew carried her in his arms and walked to the examination room.
Usually, the checkup was done during the daytime. However, there were too many patients during the day, so Dolores’s checkups had been arranged in the evenings. It would be quieter.
The doctor mainly checked the changes in her uterus. Through the four-dimensional B-ultrasound, everything could be seen clearly. During the checkup, they could see the baby’s face clearly.
Whenever Dolores wanted to take a look, Matthew didn’t allow it.
The baby that appeared under the B-ultrasound looked way too ugly. Matthew disgusted it a lot. He was afraid that Dolores would feel upset after seeing it.
He felt quite puzzled - Andrew and Amanda were both good-looking, but why was this baby so ugly?
Whenever the doctors were doing the checkup, he would frown deeply.
Dolores didn’t know what was going on, gazing at him.
The doctor said, “Look. Her uterus is quite thin now, only point four millimeters. In this case, some dangerous status could happen easily.”
Matthew’s face was tightened. He wanted Dolores to give birth to the baby ahead of time so that it could bring less harm to Dolores’s body. However, Dolores insisted on waiting until the eighth month. She wanted the baby to grow bigger and was afraid that it would be unhealthy.
If they could wait until the eighth month, it would be only one or two months before the delivery time.
“Call the nurse if something happens.” Doctors and nurses were on duty twenty-four hours in the hospital. Once something happened, they would be ready to help Dolores with a cesarean.
Matthew carried Dolores back to the ward. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she asked, “Why do you always look so weird when I’m under a checkup?”
Matthew asked, “Do I?”
Dolores nodded affirmatively, “Yes.”
Matthew answered, “I’m just worried about you.”
Dolores didn’t fully buy it.
He wouldn’t show that he was worried about her because he didn’t want to upset her. Also, she could tell that he looked weird after the doctor started the checkup.
She wondered what he had seen.
She decided to ask the doctor when there would be any chance.
The bed in the ward was bigger than the bed in a normal ward. Matthew could sleep with her while holding her at night. In case anything happened, he could find out right away.
In the morning, Jessica delivered breakfast to the ward. They didn’t like the dishes served in the hospital, which were not nutritious for a pregnant woman, so Jessica delivered three meals here to Dolores.
When Dolores was having breakfast, Matthew got a call from Abbott. He walked out of the ward to answer it.
“I failed to convince her,” Abbott uttered a few words simply.
Last night, when he went back home, he saw Emma sitting on the bay window in his shirt with a cigarette between her fingers.
Abbott didn’t know that she smoked. He walked over and pulled the cigarette from her hand. He asked, “Why didn’t you go to bed?”
Emma looked up at him, feeling quite puzzled. In the beginning, he was quite stubborn. No matter what she had done to threaten or seduce him, he wasn’t willing to help her. Later, he suddenly agreed without any reason. More or less, she suspected him.
However, she was still willing to trust him. Even he had left her after having sex to probably sell her out to Matthew, she still chose to trust him once.
With a smile, she said, “There are a lot of things that you don’t know about me.”
Abbott sat down on the other end of the bay window. Looking at her, he called her full name, “Emma Bailey, you understand everything, don’t you?”
Emma felt quite incredible - how could he know what was in her mind?
She felt a bit delighted, wondering if he had a crush on her.
However, Abbott’s words broke her fantasy. 
“Since you understand they both deserve it, why don’t you just let go?”
Emma felt disappointed. However, she still kept smiling and said, “No matter how much they deserve it, they are my family, aren’t they? If I don’t care about my family at all, am I still a human?”
Abbott choked up. Indeed, no matter what scumbags her father and brother were and how much they deserve to die, they were her family.
It was the unchangeable and unbreakable family affection between them.
Emma peered out of the window and asked indifferently, “Are you trying to convince me?”
She had a little secret in her heart that she had never told anyone. No one knew about it either. Two years ago, she encountered Abbott before. One of the projects that she was in charge of was cooperating with WY Group. It was Abbott who came to negotiate.
Abbott was absolutely capable. Otherwise, Matthew wouldn’t have trusted him so much.
During the negotiation, she was attracted by Abbott. She had a crush on him.
They didn’t achieve an agreement on the cooperation at that time, so they couldn’t continue working together. From then on, she had never met Abbott again.
This time, she had chosen Abbot and wanted to control him so that he could help her. She could have chosen to hire another woman to help her.
However, she had done it herself.
It was because she had a crush on Abbott.
Right now, she knew that probably he would sell her out, but she still chose to believe him once.
Opening up her legs, she straddled on Abbott’s lap. With her arms wrapped around his neck, she said while smiling, “Abbott, I still want it.”
Abbott frowned, “You...”
Before he could finish his words, Emma took the initiative to kiss his lips, blocking his unfinished words.
She wanted to change his mind by using her body. Even if he had already sold her out, she still imagined that he would take her side and help her at the critical moment.
After having sex, she nestled in Abbott’s arms. She put Abbott’s arm to hold herself, “We’re so close now. Just sleep while holding me.”
Abbott said, “I’m not used to it.”
“You will after practicing more.” Emma didn’t let go of his arm.
“Emma, just let go of it.” Abbott still wanted to convince her to give up. She was young and beautiful. She could lead her own life.
He didn’t think that she needed to take revenge.
Vengeance always had a way of rebounding upon oneself.
“I’ve made up my mind already. Stop nagging at me. I’m so sleepy. Good night.”
Emma squeezed her into his arms.
In the morning, when Abbott woke up, Emma was still sleeping.
He called Matthew.
He didn’t succeed in convincing Emma to let go. Hence, they could only carry out Matthew’s plan next.
#####Chapter 738 No One Would Believe You
After hanging up the phone, Abbott returned to the bedroom. Emma was still sleeping. Seeing that she was sleeping soundly, he didn’t wake her up. He gently closed the door.
Emma opened her eyes as soon as the door was closed.
She had woken up when Abbott got up.
She even knew whom he was calling and what she would in face of next.
Blinking, she stared at the ceiling above and smiled bitterly.
Sure enough, men were all cold-hearted animals. No matter how intimate they were, he never changed his mind.
She thought herself so pathetic, feeling sad.
After more than ten minutes, she adjusted her mood, lifted the quilt, and got off the bed. She grabbed Armand’s shirt to put on, opened the door, and walked out. There was no one in the living room, but she heard some sounds from the kitchen.
She walked over barefoot, only to find that a slender figure was busy cooking in the kitchen.
He was in casual clothes. His waist was slender and his legs were long, looking quite slim. However, he could last for so long last night and didn’t seem to be weak.  
Thinking about their erotic scenes, Emma blushed. Leaning against the door, she enjoyed his tenderness at this moment in silence.
Abbott noticed her. He looked back at her, “You are awake.”
Emma walked in, hugged his waist from the back, and said with a smile, “I didn’t know you can cook.”
Abbott answered with her line, “There are a lot of things that you don’t know about me.”
“Then please tell me.” Emma wrapped around him, her hand reaching into his pants naughtily.
Abbott frowned. He said, “I’m cooking.”
Emma’s hand went in. Her lips clung to his back, pecking on him bit by bit. She whispered, “I prefer to eat you more.”
Abbott was speechless.
This woman was truly...
He put the fried egg into a plate. Reaching out to grab her hand, he warned her, “Behave yourself.”
Emma laughed, “What if I don’t?”
Abbott turned off the gas, turned around to pinch her chin, and squinted, “How hungry are you?”
She still smiled brightly, “I heard that the newly married couple could do it for a whole night. Although we’re not married, we enjoyed it very much. Weren’t you quite enthusiastic last night?”
She only put on his white shirt with nothing inside. Raising her leg, she rubbed against Abbott’s thigh, “Don’t tell me you can’t do it.”
Abbott gradually released his pinch on her chin. His hand fell on her collar gently. The next second, he pulled her closer with strength. Emma clung to his body. He looked down at her, “Do you know what a man hates the most?”
Emma chuckled and asked, “What does a man hate? Do you hate it when I said you can’t? Then prove to me that you can. Hmm...”
Before she finished her words, she was pressed on the cooking bench by Abbott. Her waist bumped to the hard edge of the bench, and she frowned in pain. Wrapping around his neck, she arched up and clung to him, “Abbott, we didn’t use any measure. Aren’t you afraid I’ll be pregnant?”
Abbott was a bit taken aback. The next second, he pressed the back of her head, making her look at him, “Emma, I know you are not pregnant. Do you have your licks from lying to me?”
She smiled, “You didn’t buy it, did you?”
“No one will believe you.” With reddish eyes, Abbott vented his desire on her.
They didn’t end it until a long while later. They had done it in the kitchen.
She held Abbott and asked, “Will you remember a woman used to have sex with you so crazily in the kitchen?”
Abbott sneered, “Of course not. I will not forget a woman tried to set me and she’s extremely shameless.”
Emma giggled, “Is that your impression about me?”
“Or what?” Abbott asked.
Emma thought carefully, “It seems so.”
They went to clean up. Abbott changed into clean clothes, but Emma was still wearing the clothes that she wore yesterday, which had been creasy.
Abbott made breakfast and asked her to have some.
He made the sandwich with a fried egg. Emma sat down. He asked, “Would you like fresh juice or milk?”
Emma picked up her sandwich and took a bite, “I want milk.”
Abbott paused his action, casting a meaningful glance at her.
Emma was taken aback for a moment. Looking at Abbott’s expression, she realized that he had misunderstood something. Smiling, she said, “You are awesome. I enjoyed it a lot. Please remember, I used to have you as well.”
Abbott couldn’t understand what she said.
However, he didn’t try to figure it out.
The hospital.
When the doctor was doing the ward round, Matthew wasn’t in the ward. Dolores asked the doctor, “Excuse me, Doc. Is my baby not well?”
The doctor asked, “Why do you think so?”
“Whenever I’m doing a checkup, my husband looked quite annoyed...”
The doctor laughed. He understood why Matthew pulled a long face. After the first checkup, Matthew went to the doctor and asked if the image he had seen during the checkup was the baby’s, and the doctor said yes.
Then, Matthew looked at him with a funny expression and asked, “Why is it so ugly?”
After all, neither Dolores nor he was ugly.
In the image, the baby had a flat nose and big mouth, looking extremely ugly.
However, a lot of babies looked ugly at the beginning but they would look better and better later. Some babies who looked beautiful at the beginning might become uglier later.
The doctor asked, “Mrs. Nelson, do you still remember the looks of your babies before?”
Their images had been branded on her mind, so Dolores wouldn’t forget at all. She said, “They were pretty small with wrinkled skin. They didn’t look better until they turned five or six months old.”
The doctor said, “Mr. Nelson felt quite upset because he noticed the baby looks ugly during the checkup.”
#####Chapter 739 It’s My Baby No Matter How Ugly It Is
Dolores laughed. It turned out to be like that. She had thought that something was wrong with her baby.
“If you have a pain in your belly, you must call the doctor right away,” the doctor reminded her.
Dolores nodded, “I know. Thanks, Doc.”
The doctor was afraid that Dolores would also dislike the baby for it looked ugly. Earlier, there was a video clip online, on which a pregnant woman was weeping while walking. It was because she had seen the baby’s face through the four-dimensional B-ultrasound and thought it was ugly.
It was so ugly that the mother-to-be was heartbroken.
The doctor said, “Mr. Nelson and you are both good-looking, so your baby wouldn’t be ugly. It’s still small and under development. Please don’t worry.”
Dolores said with a smile, “Yes, I know. It doesn’t matter.”
No matter how ugly her baby would be, she wouldn’t dislike it as long as it would be healthy.
The doctor would continue with the ward round, so he left.
Matthew walked in, seeing that Dolores was laughing. He asked, “What happened to make you so happy?”
Dolores didn’t answer him. Pointing at breakfast on the table, she said, “I left the food for you. Hurry up and eat them. It’s becoming cold.”
Matthew sat in front of the table and picked up the chopsticks. Dolores asked, “Would you dislike it if our baby is ugly?”
Matthew turned to look at her and he seemed to understand what she was laughing about. He said solemnly, “No matter how ugly it will be, it’s my baby. What’s wrong about being not good-looking?”
Dolores laughed, “Aren’t you upset about it?”
Matthew coughed gently. He inwardly complained about the doctor who told Dolores about his secret.
“I wasn’t upset. I’m quite happy.”
Lying on the bed, Dolores asked, “Will you go out today?”
Matthew nodded. He needed to go out to deal with Emma, so he couldn’t stay in the hospital to accompany her.
Jessica poured a glass of water to him and said, “I’ll take care of her here then. I won’t leave until you come back.”
Matthew agreed, “That’s good. Please make sure there’s always someone with her. If something happens, the doctor can be notified,” he reminded Jessica.
Jessica nodded, “I know.”
After breakfast, Jessica took out the lunchboxes to do the dishes. Matthew started to massage Dolores’s legs, which had been swollen. They also cramped frequently at night.
Sometimes, they would cramp several times within one night.
In the past, Matthew had thought that the pregnancy was quite simple. Since Dolores’s health became poor, he clearly had realized that a woman might not only die when delivering the baby but also would suffer a lot during the pregnancy.
Since she couldn’t go out, Dolores felt quite bored. Squinting, she asked, “Are you dealing with the businesses of your company today?”
Matthew hummed.
After Jessica came back, Matthew left. Before walking out of the ward, he said, “I’ll try to come back as soon as possible.”
Dolores said, “Don’t worry. Just go ahead with your work. I’m in the hospital now. Nothing could happen.”
Jessica sat on the edge of the bed, “Would you like to have some fruits?”
Dolores shook her head, “No, thanks, Mom.”
She had just finished breakfast, so she wasn’t hungry yet. 
There were a few knocks on the door.
Jessica stood up and opened the door. A nurse was standing at the door. She said a lady was visiting Dolores and asked if she should let the lady in.
Jessica asked, “Who is the lady?”
“She said her surname is Gordon,” answered the nurse.
Jessica thought it was Theresa, so she asked the nurse to let her in without asking Dolores.
However, when the woman walked to the door, Jessica found that she wasn’t Theresa. Standing at the door, she looked at Emma on alert and asked, “Who are you?”
Emma had investigated Matthew and Dolores, so she knew Dolores’s closest female friend was Theresa.
Hence, she lied to the nurse that her name was Gordon.
With a bouquet in her hand, Emma said with a smile, “I’m here to see Mrs. Nelson.”
Jessica said, “I don’t know you. She’s not well. She can’t meet anyone now. I’m afraid you must leave.”
Emma still smiled, “I’m not a bad woman. You don’t need to be so alert. I’m here to see Mrs. Nelson. If you don’t believe me, you can ask her.”
Dolores overheard their conversation in the bedroom. She sat up and listened to them carefully.
The woman’s voice sounded quite familiar to her.
Soon, she recognized the woman.
It was Emma Bailey.
She wondered what Emma was doing here.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Nelson. May I talk to you for a moment, please?” Emma could only yell towards the inside since Jessica didn’t want to let her in.
Dolores didn’t answer.
Emma didn’t give up. She continued, “I don’t have any evil intention. I’m in your territory, so I dare not to do anything. I just want to have a talk with you.”
Dolores thought for a moment and said, “Mom, please let her in.”
Jessica said, “Matthew has told me not to let in anyone I don’t know. I don’t know this woman. You need a rest. You’d better not see her.”
“I know her. Please let her in,” said Dolores.
Jessica cast a glance at Emma, “You only have a few minutes.”
Emma said, “All right.”
Jessica led Emma to the bedroom.
Dolores was on alert inwardly, but she looked pretty calm on the surface. Even her eyes were quite peaceful.
Emma tried hard to put a bone between Matthew and her, aiming to break them up. Dolores wondered why she suddenly showed up here.
Was she making trouble again?
“May I have a private conversation with Mrs. Nelson, please?” Emma looked over at Jessica.
Jessica shook her head, “I must stay here.”
Emma looked over at Dolores, “May I please?”
Dolores was holding the remote control for the alert. As soon as she pressed the button, the doctor would rush in.
Dolores nodded in agreement. Looking over at Jessica, she said, “It’s alright, Mom. Please wait at the door for a moment.”
Jessica frowned, “Matthew doesn’t want you to meet anyone alone.”
Dolores smiled, “I know her. It’ll be alright.”
Jessica could only agree, “Okay. Ask her to leave the ward as soon as possible.”
Dolores said, “I know.”
Jessica walked out of the ward and closed the door.
Dolores immediately put away the smile on her face, “Tell me. Why are you here?”
Emma smiled, “Don’t be so hostile to me. I bought the flowers from a florist store on the way here. Do you like them?”
She put the bouquet of lilies and roses on the nightstand.
#####Chapter 740 The Bane Has Been Planted Long Ago
Touching the fresh petals of the lilies, Emma said in a low voice, “Lily is kind of elegant flower with good meanings.”
Dolores looked at her, “Are you here to praise the lilies?”
It wasn’t because that she disliked Emma, but Emma was one from the Bailey family. Under such a circumstance, they would never become good friends.
Emma took a step back and bowed at Dolores, “I apologize for what I’ve done to you before.”
Dolores felt quite surprised at her behavior. However, she was still alert. She pressed her lips in silence.
Emma knew that Dolores was still alert to her and Dolores wouldn’t believe her so easily.
She didn’t come here to make Dolores believe her, anyway.
“Mrs. Nelson, I believe Mr. Nelson and you love each other deeply, right?” Although she was asking a question, she stated it. She sat on the chair next to the bed.
“To be honest, I shouldn’t have come to see you. After, our relationship...” She raised her head and looked at Dolores, “I know they have made mistakes and deserve the punishments. I shouldn’t take any revenge. But, they are my family. Mrs. Nelson, do you know how I feel?”
“Well, you should tell your family members who have made mistakes and are still alive that this is a society ruled by the law. Since they have broken the law, they must bear the consequences and take responsibility. No one could escape. You feel sorry for your family, but how about those victims’ families who have been hurt by them? If a person couldn’t stand in others’ shoes when thinking, the person isn’t mature at all. He or she is paranoid. You said you could understand it, but actually, you don’t. You believe that it’s fair only if either my husband or I would suffer. In fact, what you need to do is to tell Declan Bailey that this is a fair world. He has made mistakes, so he has to try hard to correct them and learn to become a good man. If he kept being paranoid, no one would be able to rescue him. Don’t you think so?”
Emma was enlightened. Indeed, she had been thinking everything from her perspective. She believed that only if Matthew suffered in his life could pay back her father’s death and her younger brother’s freedom.
She had prepared a lot of words ahead before coming here, but right now, she couldn’t utter any word now.
Dolores didn’t want to stand at the commanding height of morality and accuse anyone, but she only wanted to tell Emma the right truth.
If a person made a mistake but he or she didn’t need to pay the price, the world would be chaotic for sure.
Whose personal safety could be guaranteed in that case?
“If you still love your younger brother, you should tell him to be a good man. A gentleman should make money in a proper way. He shouldn’t have done those outrageous things without conscience to earn unjust money. You should know clearly what your brother was doing before. Your parents didn’t stop him but instead, they covered him up. The bane has been planted long ago.”
Emma had to admit what Dolores said was right.
If her father were not a corrupted official, nor had he abuse his power to cover up her younger brother, and had told him what to do and what not to do, neither her brother nor her father would have ended up in this way.
Emma came to see Dolores because she wanted to tell Dolores that she had given up, but Matthew and she owed her. However, upon listening to Dolores’s words and thought for a moment, she didn’t think it was their fault at all.
They just disclose the truth and let the people who had committed crimes receive the punishments they deserved.
Emma closed her eyes slowly.
She felt so complicated.
Suddenly, she giggled, “Sure enough, I’m one of the Bailey family. I think and do things so differently from others, don’t I?”
Dolores didn’t think it had anything to do with the fact that she was from the Bailey family.
It only depended on personal thought and consciousness.
Charles’s mother-in-law, the third daughter of the Bailey family, Maisy, had a clear vision. She didn’t get involved in the things that happened in the past. She and her husband could distinguish right and wrong.
“Tell me. Why did you come to see me?” Dolores asked while looking at her.
“I just came to pay you a visit,” Emma said indifferently, “Abbott is quite loyal to Mr. Nelson.”
Dolores squinted, wondering what she meant.
What does she have to do with Abbott?
“I’m glad that I’ve come here today. Right now, I felt quite enlightened. I used to think that I’m too selfish because I only cared about my own business. After listening to you, I feel that I didn’t do anything wrong to anyone.” She stood up and said again sincerely, “I’m quite sorry for what I’ve done to you in the past.”
“I can understand. If I were you, I might also want to avenge my family. No matter what mistakes they have made, the family affection cannot be changed. It’s normal that you felt sorry for them and quite reluctant.”
“Thank you for being understanding.” Emma had never expected that Dolores could be so reasonable and fair. She had just thought that Dolores was good-looking only.
Now she had found the advantage on Dolores.
“If we’ll meet in the future, I hope we could be friends.”
She reached out her hand, “May I shake hands with you?”
Dolores reached out her hand and shook hands with her. Then they pulled back their hands quickly.
“I’m taking off now.”
Dolores nodded.
Out of the hospital, Emma went to the prison, but she couldn’t see Declan in person.
To avoid the matter that happened last time from happening again, no one was allowed to see him.
She wrote a letter and asked someone to deliver it to him.
Then according to her plan, she went to the hotel.
However, she didn’t arrive there as planned. She was late.
Matthew had planned to make her reap the fruits of her own actions, well, even letting her get a more ruthless end.
Emma just planned to set him up so that he would get laid by a woman.
Matthew would follow her plan - he had taken out a dead prisoner from the jail and put him in the hotel room. Then she would be framed to murder someone.
Matthew didn’t do such a heartless thing, but this woman was way too eager to take revenge. If she couldn’t be get rid of completely, Matthew wouldn’t feel easy.
Moreover, Dolores’s health had a problem now, so he must guarantee Dolores’s safety.
Boyce and he set up the trap, waiting for Emma who was carrying out her plan to show up. However, she hadn’t shown up at the time mentioned by Abbott.
Boyce said, “Did she lie to you?”
Abbott said affirmatively, “No, she didn’t.”
As soon as he answered, Emma showed up at the door.
#####Chapter 741 Tricked Twice
The room was next to the room Matthew’s room, where Emma planned to frame Matthew.
The door wasn’t closed tightly when Boyce came out to check on what happened. Emma could directly push the door open.
Emma was calm. She didn’t look surprised to see them.
She knew Armand had sold her out and told Matthew her plans.
She had expected anything to happen.
Abbott took his phone back. He wanted to call Emma and tell her that Matthew was drunk. He wanted to ask and see when Emma planned to send a woman to Matthew’s room.
But Emma showed up at the door.
Abbott stared at Emma in a surprised look, “Why did you…”
Emma laughed, “Abbott, you still plan to hide the truth that you sold your boss out?”
Boyce turned and looked at Abbott like he was questioning him what happened.
Emma ignored Abbott’s pale expression and asked Matthew, “Have you ever doubted anything Abbott told you? Tell you what. Abbott and I work together. You should see it by now. He was responsible for stalling for time, and I went to the hospital to see your wife…”
“What did you do?” Matthew seemed sulky.
“According to our plan, Abbott stall for time and I, of course, am going to do things that are unfavourable to you. But I regretted it. There is never an end to taking revenge. So I decided not to take vengeance on you,” Emma glanced at Abbott. She smiled and turned around, then waved at Matthew, “Mr. Nelson, how is it like to be betrayed by the people you trust?”
Matthew didn’t buy her story right away.
Abbott wasn’t in a hurry to explain himself, because he saw everything clearly now.
Abbott told Matthew Emma’s plan, and she knew it. So, she knew what could possibly happen today. Hence, she didn’t need to bring the woman she planned to frame Matthew here. Emma went along with Abbott’s plan and told Matthew that they were working together, then play them off against each other.
Abbott wondered. Did Emma hear him when he called Matthew?
“Abbott, this is the end of our partnership. Goodbye,” Emma smiled. She waved her hand at Abbott and left the room after that.
“Did you worked together with Emma?” Boyce questioned Abbott.
Abbott glanced at Boyce and told Matthew, “I didn’t.”
Matthew didn’t want to look into it, but he seemed cold, “You’re tricked by a woman. What an embarrassment.”
The truth was out. Emma knew Abbott told Matthew the plan. Matthew thought Abbott was confident in gaining Emma’s truth. That was why they had a set-up today.
Who knew Abbott was tricked? 
He was a fool that got tricked by a woman, not only once but twice. Matthew almost wanted to question Abbott on his intelligence quotient.
“I’m sorry…”
Abbott didn’t know Emma didn’t trust him at all. It was his mistake.
“Wrap up everything here. I need to leave now,” Matthew was worried. He needed to visit Dolores in the hospital.
Matthew didn’t believe in what Emma said.
Boyce said, “Go. We’re on it.”
Boyce too understood what was going on.
Abbott thought he tricked Emma, but Emma didn’t trust him and used him to put up a show.
Boyce patted Abbott’s shoulder and consoled him.
Abbott was embarrassed. He was tricked twice by the same woman. It was humiliating.
Suddenly, Abbott’s phone rang in his pocket.
He took it out of his pocket and picked up the phone.
Emma’s voice rose from the other side of the phone, “Abbott…”
“Emma!” Abbott was furious. This woman was his undoing.
She caused him to make mistakes again and again.
Emma had this plan in her mind when she went to see Dolores. She initially thought she wronged her father and brother to leave the country just like that.
But after talking to Dolores, Emma felt less guilty. She no longer felt selfish to give up on vengeance.
Emma gave up on vengeance, but she wanted Abbott to pay for what he did.
 Emma could never make Abbott fell in love with her, even with her body.
Abbott’s loyalty lied with Matthew.
Emma stood at the departure hall. She looked at the sky through the window in the hall. It was the last time she looked at this city, “Abbott, you lied to me. So, I have to send you a present as well. Do you like it?”
Abbott clenched his fists and gritted his teeth, “You’re proud of your schemes, huh?”
Emma laughed, but soon, she stopped, “Abbott, you lied to me, and I’ve used you. We’re even now. I will leave you alone from now on.”
Emma took a deep breath, “Before I leave, I need to tell you this. I’m pregnant.”
“Stop lying to me. Tell me, what do you want this time?”
Emma paused, then she laughed, “I only wanted to make you mad.”
“Emma!”
Abbott was enraged.
Emma laughed when she heard Abbot’s ferocious voice, “Goodbye, Abbott.”
She hung up the phone and turned it off. Then, she took her luggage and walked into the boarding gate without hesitation.
Goodbye, Abbott. Goodbye, everything.
It should end now. Emma should live her own life, just like what Abbott said.
So, she let go of everything, including Abbott.
Abbott immediately called Emma back, but all he heard was, “Sorry, the person you called is unavailable. Please, try again later. Sorry…”
Abbott hung up the phone and thought, “Emma turned off her phone?”
Abbott can’t help but felt the urge to go and see Emma now.
“You do the wrapping up. I need to leave now,” Then, Abbott ran out of the room.
Boyce was stunned. Fine, he had to do everything.
In the hospital.
Matthew saw a bouquet on the table when he arrived at the hospital. He frowned and asked, “Where did these come from?”
#####Chapter 742 Stomach Ache
Dolores was asleep. Jessica answered Matthew, “A lady gave these to Dolores when she came visiting her.”
“What’s her name?” Matthew asked again.
Jessica shook her head, “I don’t know…”
Dolores slowly opened her eyes when she heard somebody talking while she was sleeping. Matthew approached Dolores and whispered, “You’re awake?”
Dolores rubbed her eyes. She was a light sleeper, “Why did you come back?”
Matthew didn’t answer Dolores, but instead, he asked her back, “Did you meet Emma?”
Did he found out about it so soon?
Dolores got up from the bed, “Did you come back to ask me this? How did you know about that?”
Matthew then told Dolores what happened between Emma and Abbott.
Just like telling Dolores a gossip to ease her boredom. Matthew knew Dolores was bored to stay in the room all day.
Dolores widened her eyes and was stunned after hearing what Matthew told her. She recovered from shock after a while, “Emma and Abbott?”
Matthew reached out his hand and tucked Dolores’ hair behind her ears, “You’re surprised?”
Dolores nodded.  She had a feeling that something wasn’t quite right.
Dolores told Matthew what she thought, “She didn’t have to sacrifice herself even if she wanted vengeance.”
Dolores couldn’t understand why Emma used herself as bait. She could have used another woman instead.
The kind Emma could use the money to pay them. Emma really didn’t need to do it herself.
What was she thinking?
“Did she fall in love with Abbott?” Dolores took a wild guess.
Women always knew what another woman was thinking. An idea occurred to Dolores when men didn’t have any idea of it.
If Emma hated the man, how could she overcome the resistance and be naked in front of him?
There was only one answer to the question. Emma liked the man, so she offered herself willingly.
Matthew didn’t care who Emma liked. It was none of his business.
It was out of the topic.
“So you met Emma? And she gave you these flowers?” Matthew threw in the same question again.
Dolores nodded, “Yes, I’ve met her, and she gave me these flowers.”
Matthew didn’t say anything but took the bouquet up and asked Jessica to throw it away.
Dolores felt speechless.
“What’s wrong with the flowers?”
Matthew said, “Who knows if she did anything to the flowers. What if she hid something in the flowers that endanger your health?”
Dolores smiled. Matthew was overreacting.
“Did you watch too many thriller films?” Dolores would watch movies when she was feeling bored in the ward. Something storylines were so complicated that it blew her mind.
Everything was a plot.
Matthew didn’t have time for movies. He thought it was a thing for people who had nothing to do.
“Ouch.”
Dolores frowned. Matthew was worried, “Stomach ache?”
Dolores shook her head, “No, my leg cramped.”
Matthew opened Dolores’ blanket and gave her a massage, “This one?”
Dolores always had cramps on her right leg, so Matthew automatically assumed it was her right leg.
Dolores nodded.
The pain was unbearable.
Massaging the leg only offered relief on the tensed muscle. The pain that cramps brought would only go away after a while.
Dolores was used to it. She leaned against the headboard and waited for the pain to go away.
Matthew kept talking to Dolores and tried to distract her, “Let’s have lunch together later when the kids come.”
Dolores said softly, “How come they are free? It’s not the weekend today.”
The kids usually had lunch in school. They sent them to school in the morning and would only fetch them back at night.
They were only free during the weekends or at night.
“I’ll ask the driver to fetch them here to have lunch with you. Then, I’ll send them back to school. You haven’t seen them for days. You must be missing them.”
Dolores nodded.
Matthew gave his driver a call in the afternoon and asked him to fetch the kids to the hospital.
Abbott had been looking for Emma the whole morning, but he couldn’t find her. She left and cleared out everything.
Emma’s phone was still turned off. He couldn’t get hold of her.
Boyce then reminded Abbott, “Could she go overseas?”
Abbott didn’t think it was possible.  Why would Emma go overseas for nothing? Abbott went and checked the departure record anyway, even if he didn’t believe it at first. Abbott found Emma’s record, and it showed that she went to Canada.
It was easy for him to find out where a person went in this country, but it was a different thing overseas.
Abbott sat in the office looking defeated. He didn’t understand why Emma had to go.
Abbott was the most dispirited person other than Armand now. The happiest person other than Matthew was Boyce.
He hadn’t got married to Jasmine, and they had an age gap, but they got along pretty well. Jasmine was lively, playful and mature, while Boyce was dependable. He was quiet when he was alone at home.
Jasmine would never disturb Boyce when he was busy at work, but he was free, Jasmine would tease him and play with him.
An elder man like Boyce was adorable.
Last weekend, Jasmine went to Boyce’s house, but he wasn’t there. So, she helped him to clean up his house.
A single man’s house was always lacking the warmth of a family. The place looked dull and lonely.
Jasmine helped Boyce to wash his clothes and added some decorative items for his house. For instance, his bed. Jasmine changed his grey bedsheet and put on a warm-coloured bedsheet for his bed. She even added some plants and flowers to his house.
Boyce didn’t cook at home because he didn’t really know how to cook. He ate out most of the time. He would also have staff meals when he was at work. So, the kitchen was rarely used.
Jasmine bought a lot of food and stuffed them into the fridge where Boyce only used to store water.
After cleaning the house and added some decorative items, the house looked warm and lively. It looked more like a home now.
Jasmine was covered in sweats after all the cleanings. Since Boyce wasn’t at home, Jasmine decided to take a bath in his bathroom.
After taking off her clothes, Jasmine suddenly reminded that she didn’t have any clean clothes here, and she had washed all the towers in the bathroom. They were still on the drying rack on the balcony. Since Boyce wasn’t at home, Jasmine walked out of the bathroom naked. She opened Boyce’s wardrobe and wanted to get a T-shirt to wear.
Jasmine was going to wash her dirty clothes later and dry them in the dryer. She could wear it back after a little drying. It won’t take much time.
Boyce came back when Jasmine took the T-shirt from the wardrobe and walking back to the bathroom. Jasmine didn’t even know when he came in and stood nearby her.
#####Chapter 743 Let’s Get the Marriage License
He appeared out of the blue. Jasmine was scared and she dropped the clothes in her hand.
She was naked in front of Boyce. After a few seconds, Jasmine returned from her absent-minded state. She picked up the clothes on the ground and covered herself.
She was nervous, so she stammered, “You, why are you back?”
Boyce said, “This is my home.”
He found that his house was cleaner and he wondered. Hearing that there was sound in his room, he walked over and saw Jasmine.
“You, you did not see anything, right?” Jasmine asked self-deceptively.
Boyce did not want to make the vibe awkward. He said, “No.”
Jasmine lowered her head, “Can I take a shower here?”
Boyce gave her the key. He said if the hostel was noisy, she could come over here as he seldom came back to his house in the morning and it was quiet there.
After Jasmine left the villa and went to the hostel, it was her second time to come to Boyce’s house. Before she went to the hostel, Boyce brought her here to recognize the way to go there as he worried that she would get lost.
Boyce said, “Can.”
After shutting the door, her heartbeat was still very fast. It was as if her heart was going to jump out from her chest. Her cheek was hot.
Thinking of the scene that she was naked in front of him just now, she covered her face embarrassingly.
Boyce sat on the sofa. He was thirsty. He drank the half cup of water in front of him. However, he still felt thirsty. It was as if he was grilled. He felt hot and dry.
He stood up and walked to the kitchen. He opened the door of the refrigerator and found that there were many things inside, such as scrambled egg with tomato, shredded pork with celery, potatoes and carrots, bread and milk. There were also fruits such as jackfruits, grapes and watermelons.
He took out a bottle of cold water, opened the cap and drank half bottle of it. His laryngeal prominence moved many times before finally returning to a calm state.
He shut the door gently and looked around the house. The balcony was full of stuff.
Although the position of the furniture was not changed and there were only a few stuff added, there was a sense of warmth in the previously cold and cheerless house.
He lived alone in the city for a long time. So, he longed for the warmth of the family.
He needed a companion after being lonely for so long time.
He walked to the living room and put the half bottle of water on the tea table.
The cold water had dissipated the heat in his blood.
After a while, there was door opening sound from the bathroom.
Jasmine wore a T-shirt, which Boyce seldom had. Boyce was tall and his shirt was large. The shirt covered Jasmine’s thigh.
She stood in the living room, “Have you had your dinner?”
Boyce said, “Not yet.”
‘I’m about to ask for a delivery.’
Jasmine smiled, “Then you wait for a while, I’ll go and prepare it.”
After saying that, she walked towards the kitchen.
She took out potatoes from the fresh room at the top part of the refrigerator and beef from the freezing chamber at the bottom part of the refrigerator. She was planning to prepare stewed beef with potatoes.
Boyce sat on the sofa. Looking at the busy back, he relaxed his body and leant his back against the sofa.
He enjoyed the moment of quietness.
Before this, if he had not had his dinner at this time being, he should eat delivery food now.
After approximately one hour, Jasmine had prepared the dinner. She put the dishes on the table and called out to him, “Come and eat now.”
She had prepared two dishes and served two bowls of rice.
“You taste this. This is the first time I prepare this.” Jasmine put a piece of stewed beef inside his bowl.
Boyce picked up the beef using his chopsticks and ate it. Jasmine stewed the beef for forty minutes. The beef was soft and tasty.
“Very delicious,” Boyce said. He put one piece of beef inside Jasmine’s bowl, “You eat too.”
Jasmine acted coquettishly, “You feed me.”
Boyce picked up the beef that was inside her bowl using his chopsticks. Jasmine opened her mouth and Boyce delivered the beef into her mouth. He asked, “Is it delicious?”
Jasmine was still chewing, so she did not reply. After she swallowed the beef, she said, “I’m genius. It’s my first time preparing it and it’s so delicious. Can I own a restaurant?”
Boyce delivered some vegetables to her, “You shall study properly.”
Jasmine smiled and picked up her bowl to eat her rice.
Boyce hesitated and asked, “Are you free on Monday?”
Jasmine thought for a while, ‘I shall be free as I have no class in the morning.’
“I have time in the morning. What do you want?”
“Let’s get the marriage license.” Boyce looked at her and said, “If you still want to consider, then I’ll wait...”
“No need to wait.” Jasmine interrupted him. She was willing to marry him.
“Wedding...”
“After I graduate, we hold the wedding party with my graduate ceremony, can?” Jasmine felt that it was a memorable moment.
Boyce said, “Alright.”
Jasmine asked, “Why do you want to get the marriage license with me?”
In fact, she wanted to hear Boyce say that he liked her.
After all, it was difficult to ask him to confess. So, she asked him purposely.
“Our relationship is not illegal. Other people will gossip about us. That’s bad for you.” Boyce did this for the sake of her. After all, she was young and still had not finished her tertiary education.
Jasmine was a bit disappointed. She pretended to be angry, “You marry me not because you like me but because you’re afraid of other people gossiping about us?”
Boyce explained hurriedly, “No, I like you. I just don’t want other people to gossip.”
Jasmine knew it. She just wanted to tease him purposely.
Jasmine left after she finished her dinner and tidied up the kitchen. It was Boyce who sent her back.
Before marriage, Boyce could not act too overly. Even though he had the impulse to do so, he withstood it.
Today, after Boyce settled his business in the hotel, he went to the police station. In the afternoon, he had his meal at the police station. His colleague accidentally poured his food on his body. There was oil all over his clothes and trousers. It was uncomfortable for him. So, he went back home to change his clothes.
He saw Jasmine after he opened the door.
She was preparing dumplings.
The fillings were pork and celeries. She did not have any classes today. In the morning, she had extracurricular learning with her friends. In the afternoon, she went back home. The place was her home right now.
Jasmine smiled after seeing Boyce, “You’re back?”
Boyce nodded and asked, “You don’t have class today?”
Jasmine replied yes, “I had extracurricular learning with my friends in the morning. I don’t have class in the afternoon, so I come back. Remembering that there is still some stuff in the refrigerator, so I prepare some dumplings and plan to keep them inside the refrigerator. When I’m not around, you can cook them yourself.”
When she was talking, she realized that there was an oil stain on Boyce’s clothes. She stood up and went to the sink to wash her hands. After that, she went inside the house to take clean clothes for him.
She was in charge of tidying the house, so she knew where Boyce’s clothes were.
She passed the clothes to Boyce and asked, “What happened?”
Boyce said, “It was an accident.”
He took his clothes and was about to go inside the house. Jasmine looked at him, “Do you want to shy away from me?”
Not waiting for Boyce to talk, she said again, “We are a legal couple now.”
Boyce pursed his lips. He needed to change his clothes and trousers. He did not want to shy away from Jasmine. He just felt that it was obscene to let Jasmine see his body.
“Are you not having a fit body? I think that your body is nice with clothes covered. I like a muscular guy. Do you have muscles?” Jasmine smiled while she asked the question.
Of course Boyce had.
“I don’t believe it. You take off your clothes and let me have a look.” Jasmine pulled his clothes and pretended to tease him, “I’ll take it off now.”
Boyce hooked her waist suddenly and hugged her in his arms. Jasmine’s body cuddled together with his body. They both felt hot.
Boyce said in a low tone, “Jasmine, if you behave like this, I can’t hold it.”
Jasmine lowered her head and looked at him who had held for long despite he wanted it so much. She said, “I do.”
Boyce hugged her tightly and kissed her forehead, “You’re still young.”
She still had not graduated yet. If she got pregnant accidentally, how about her study? Boyce had thought a lot for her sake.
#####Chapter 744 Get Reported Anonymously 
Jasmine pouted, as if she did not like the way that Boyce always thought that she was still young. She stressed, “I am an adult. Don’t always treat me like a child. You’re not a father and I’m not your daughter.”
Boyce was speechless.
He explained, “I didn’t treat you as my daughter.”
“If you treat me as your daughter, then you’re a beast.” Jasmine hugged his neck, “Are you going back to the police station?”
Boyce said, “Yes.”
He still had some works to do. He came back just because he wanted to change his clothes.
“Then what time will you be back at night? I’ll prepare dinner and wait for you.”
Boyce thought for a while, “I’ll be back around 5.”
Jasmine let go of him, “Then you go to work. Change the clothes, I’ll wash for you.”
Boyce looked at her.
Jasmine walked to the front of the table and sat down, “I won’t look at you when you change your clothes. Don’t behave like a shy little girl.”
Boyce was speechless.
His self-esteem was hurt.
‘Which part of mine looks like a little girl?’
Jasmine folded her legs, as if she wanted to admire his body.
Boyce held his forehead, ‘This little girl was a headache.’
“Do you want me to close my eyes?” Jasmine tilted her head.
Boyce was speechless.
He had underpants inside. He was not afraid of anything.
‘I can’t lose my self-esteem in front of a little girl.’
He was determined to take off his clothes. His body was straight like a poplar willow. He was muscular but not the kind that stood out. It was just the right amount of outline, looking unusually powerful.
Jasmine wanted to tease him, but when she saw him naked, her face could not help but burned. In turn, she was embarrassed.
She lowered her head and did not look at him.
When he saw that Jasmine lowered her head, Boyce quickly wore the clothes and asked, “I wonder if I scared you?”
Jasmine shook her head and pretended to be calm, “You change your clothes, I’ll wash my hands and continue to prepare the dumplings.”
After that, she walked towards the kitchen to wash her hands and continue to prepare the dumplings. After she washed her hands and Boyce changed his trousers and when she was about to clear up the dirty clothes, the doorbell rang.
Jasmine opened the door.
There were two men with black uniforms standing in front of the door. They looked at Jasmine and then looked at each other and finally asked, “Is this Boyce’s house?”
Jasmine nodded, “You are?”
It was because their uniforms were different from Boyce’s, so Jasmine could judge that they were not his colleagues. However, they looked like government officers from another department.
“We are here to look for Boyce.” After that, they pushed the door and broke in. Boyce was about to put the dirty clothes inside the washing machine. When he saw them, he frowned.
He knew them. They were from the inspection department.
One of them showed his identity card and the investigation document, “We had received a report that you have a university student as your mistress, sounds like it’s true now. Go back with us for further investigation.”
“You are mistress!” Jasmine walked over and stood in front of Boyce, “Do you have any evidence?”
They showed a photo that Boyce sent Jasmine to school. Boyce’s face and Jasmine’s face were clearly shown in the photo, “This is the evidence that the informer gave. Furthermore, we had investigated that you are a student of HQ University, right?”
Jasmine said, “Yes, that’s right, but what can that prove?”
“It seems you’re staying together. If you’re not a mistress, why are you here?” The man looked around the house when he was talking. He saw the dumplings on the table, “I think you live a happy life?”
After saying that, he looked at Boyce and looked at the clothes in his hands, “Boyce, as a government officer, I think you shall know what are the don’ts and don’ts, right? Do you still remember the manifesto that you made when you joined the Party?”
Boyce said, “I’ll never forget about it.”
“Great, I hope that you can correct the mistake immediately. However, there will still be punishment. Let’s go.”
“Why are you punishing him? What’s wrong with him?” Jasmine stared at them.
“Please don’t interrupt us. You will be punished too if you interrupt us.” The man warned her.
Boyce held Jasmine’s hand and dragged her to the back, “I’ll go with you but give me some time.”
He pulled Jasmine to the balcony and put the dirty clothes on the top of the washing machine, “You wait for me at home.”
Jasmine shook her head and her eyes were red, “Why are they taking you back for investigation? You’re not wrong. Are you committing a crime when you marry me?!” 
Boyce hugged her and patted her back. He consoled her, “It’s just an investigation. No need to be panicked. After proper investigation, I’ll be fine.”
Jasmine hugged him, “No, I don’t want.”
“Be obedient.” Boyce let go of her.
Despite Jasmine did not want to accept it, Boyce was taken away still.
She was very nervous and her tears came out. Suddenly, she realized that they said someone reported that Boyce had a mistress but they had gotten the marriage license.
They were a legal couple.
She ran to school immediately. She even forgot to take off her apron. She thought of it when she left her house.
She was very excited when she got her marriage license. She appreciated it very much. So, she always brought along her license. She left it in the hostel when she went outside with her friends in the morning.
She wanted to get it back now.
#####Chapter 745 A Comedic Reversal
Jasmine ran to the hostel. Her friends were all stayed in the hostel as they did not have class today. When they saw her, they asked, “Jasmine, are you doing a part-time job? What are you doing?”
They asked this as she always went out when she did not have class. They thought she was doing a part-time job.
Jasmine shook her head. She pulled her luggage from the bottom of her bed. She put the marriage license together with her clothes.
Her friend asked, “Jasmine, what are you looking for?”
Jasmine paused before saying, “A marriage license.”
She did not want to hide the truth anymore. Otherwise, they would say that she had an illegal relationship with Boyce.
Her friend was shocked, “You, you had married?”
‘It’s amazing.’
“You’re still a university student.”
Soon, Jasmine found the red book. She looked at her friend. “Is there any law stating that a university student can’t get married?”
Jasmine asked rhetorically.
Her friend was stunned, ‘There is no law stating that a university student can’t get married. As long as one is not underage, he or she can get married.’
“You get married before you graduate, won’t you feel that it’s a hurry?”
Jasmine was in a hurry. She did not say anything. She ran out quickly.
Her friend shouted at the back, “Invite us to your wedding feast in the future.”
Jasmine turned around her head and said yes while she was running.
She was puzzled after she left the school. She did not know where she should go and whom she should talk to. 
She had evidence showing that she did not have an illegal relationship with Boyce. They were a legal couple. However, who should she explain to?
She stood by the roadside and asked herself to stay calm, ‘Calm down. Calm down. I need to stay calm to think of a solution.’
She told it to herself again and again.
Suddenly, she figured out a solution, ‘Armand is a lawyer. He must know everything.’
She immediately called a taxi to go to find Armand.
Armand was not feeling well these few days as he still did not persuade Elizabeth successfully to accept his proposal.
After he walked out of his law firm, he walked to his car. When he was about to open the door and go to the hospital, Jasmine arrived.
She shouted out to Armand.
Armand turned his head around. After Jasmine paid the money to the driver, she ran towards Armand.
“Why are you here?” Armand was shocked. He did not expect Jasmine to look for him.
“You are having problem with Boyce? It’s useless to look for me to solve it. My life is a mess.”
Jasmine shook her head, “No, no, he’s in trouble. He’s reported by one anonymous person. In the afternoon, two men went to his house and took him away for investigation.”
“Get reported?” Armand opened his eyes widely.
Jasmine nodded.
“What do they report him for?” Armand asked.
“They said that he has a mistress.” Jasmine was nervous. She did not care about anything other than to save Boyce.
Armand was speechless.
“You are the only mistress they accused?” He asked.
Jasmine nodded and took out her marriage license to show Armand, “However, we are a legal couple. Which department do I need to go to explain this?”
Armand was a bit shocked when Jasmine said that Boyce was being accused. He was extremely shocked when he saw the marriage license in Jasmine’s hand.
‘Boyce got the marriage license with Jasmine silently?’
‘Does he treat me as his best friend? Why he doesn’t inform me?’
“Can you tell me quickly? Where shall I go to explain this?” Jasmine was nervous.
Armand raised his chin, “Get on. I’ll bring you there.”
Jasmine opened the door of the car and got on. Armand got into the driver’s seat. He started the engine of the car and asked, “When did you get the marriage license?”
Jasmine said, “Monday.”
Armand sneered, “You guys didn’t even inform us.”
Jasmine explained, “No, we did not hide the truth on purpose but we haven’t had the opportunity to tell you guys.”
Armand said, “Don’t worry. You are a legal couple. Boyce won’t get into trouble.”
Jasmine nodded.
However, she could not hide her worry.
She thought that it was because of her that Boyce always got into trouble. He was investigated last time because of her as well.
She felt sorry to Boyce.
After approximately half an hour, the car stopped in front of the building of the inspection department. Armand got out of the car and Jasmine also followed him.
“Come with me,” Armand said.
Jasmine nodded and followed him.
At the moment, Boyce was inside the interrogation room. The head of the department looked at the marriage license again and again.
‘This is dramatic.’
They got the license three days before and got reported on Monday as well.
 He put down the marriage license and asked, “Do you offend someone?”
‘If not, why someone reported him anonymously?’
Boyce said, “No.”
He had someone who he suspected, but he did not have any evidence so he did not tell him.
He suspected Wendy.
The woman was evil.
The head of the department smiled, “It seems this is a misunderstanding. However, as a department which in charge of supervision, we have to do all these according to the procedures, I hope you can understand.”
Boyce said, “Yea, it’s fine. Can I go now?”
The head of the department was going to say yes. After all, the marriage license was not a fake one. It was real.
So, he did not have a mistress.
However, one person came in and whispered to him, “There’s one person outside and she wants to see you. She says she wants to know about Boyce’s situation.”
“Oh?” The head of the department said, “Let her come in.”
The person nodded and brought her in.
#####Chapter 746 Jealousy Is Too Intense
Jasmine was very anxious. After she had entered the room, she noticed that Boyce was really there and then directed her gaze towards the Director of the Department of Investigation who sat in front of the table.
It was obvious that he was the person who had been interrogating Boyce.
She didn’t say any unnecessary words and got to the point. She questioned, “Is there a law which states that university students cannot get married?”
The director replied, “…No.”
“Is there a law which states that couples with big age differences between them cannot get married?”
The director replied, “…No.”
Jasmine asked again, “Is there a law which states that government officers cannot get married to university students?”
The director replied, “Erm… As long as their ages are suitable and the two of them are in love, nobody can interfere with their decision to get married, except for their parents.”
Jasmine took out their marriage certificate and handed the director the marriage certificate, “Is it illegal that Boyce and I get married?”
The director didn’t reply to her question.
“Jasmine.” Boyce walked up to her and pulled her, “Don’t be agitated.”
“How can I not be agitated? On what basis have they arrested you? You have worked diligently. Why should you be slandered?” Jasmine still remembered the awful words that those people had said when he was taken away.
“He and I have gotten married. Is this considered a problem of inappropriate conduct? Doesn’t he have the right to get married?” Jasmine’s words were sharp.
The director smiled, “I am very sorry. We didn’t investigate this clearly. Actually, we asked Mr. Shawn to come over so that he can answer our questions. Mr. Shawn has already explained the situation.”
He showed the marriage certificate that was provided by Boyce to her, “You can see that we have already known that he and you are a legally married couple. There are no problems of inappropriate conduct.”
Jasmine looked at the marriage certificate in his hand, raised her head and looked at Boyce. Her face inexplicably reddened. Actually, he had already explained the situation.
‘Even so, I still said a lot of things here.’
‘I feel so embarrassed all of a sudden.’
Boyce took the marriage certificate from the director and handed it to Jasmine, “You should also keep mine too.”
Jasmine lowered her head.
 The director smiled, “You have a strong personality. You did this because of your husband. Don’t feel embarrassed. Your intentions are honorable.”
Boyce put his arm around Jasmine’s shoulder, “She never dealt with this kind of situation before. She is quite shocked…”
“I see that she is very brave,” the director said and had a smile on his face.
“I was too anxious. I don’t want him to get into trouble because of me,” Jasmine said.
The director chuckled, “Okay.” He extended his hand in Boyce’s direction, “You must invite me to the wedding ceremony.”
Boyce said that he would definitely do it.
After exchanging greetings, they left the Department of Investigation.
Jasmine and Boyce interlocked their fingers. She said, “I was really shocked.”
Boyce consoled her, “Everything is fine now.”
He never thought that Jasmine would come there so soon.
He knew that she was really worried about him.
His gaze towards Jasmine became softer.
Armand took a look at them, snorted coldly and walked up to the car that was in front of them, “Do the two of you still want to sit in my car?” 
Boyce said that they would definitely sit in his car.
He was brought there. He didn’t drive there, so they needed to go back using Armand’s car.
“Boyce, you are really capable. You tricked Jasmine into marrying you and hid the matter from all of us.”
Jasmine pursed her lips and smiled faintly, “I am the one who tricked him into marrying me.”
Armand curled his lip, “You are so protective of him. Men cannot be spoiled. If you spoil him like this, you will suffer in the future.”
“I will spoil my man. If I suffer in the future, I am still willing to do it,” Jasmine said.
She just liked Boyce.
She liked being nice to him.
In his mind, Boyce thought, ‘Armand, you rascal. You are unsuccessful in causing a dispute between the two of us, aren’t you?’
‘Your own relationship is unsuccessful. Seeing that others have successful relationships, you are jealous, aren’t you?’
“I often hear that women who are dating someone don’t have intelligence. I reckon that this statement is totally true.” Armand started the car.
Jasmine chuckled, “I am not dating someone. I am already married to someone.”
Armand didn’t reply to her words.
“Both of you should get out of my car. Both of you are so annoying.” Armand thought that he was the most miserable person, ‘I have clearly found my true love before Boyce has found his true love.’
‘Why am I in the worst situation in the end?’
‘What kind of sins did I commit in my past life? Why am I living such a difficult life?’
Both Jasmine and Boyce knew what Armand was thinking about. Both of them laughed at the same time.
“The two of you are still laughing. If the two of you continue to laugh, I will throw the two of you out of the car.” Armand pretended to be fierce.
Boyce looked at him calmly, “If your jealousy is too intense, it will harm your body.”
Armand snorted coldly, ‘I am originally going to live a short life. I am living in misery these days.’
‘How am I going to live a long life?’
‘If I don’t die early, it is already a good thing.’
“You are also dumb. You should not have told Mrs. Bernie the truth that time. In the future, after Theresa and you get married, the two of you can adopt a child. Then, everything will be fine,” Boyce said.
“How can things be so easy?” Armand had thought about that method, “I know the old lady very well. She single-mindedly wants a great-grandson. If Theresa and I are in a relationship, she will definitely nag at Theresa every day. Considering Theresa’s health condition, can she endure the daily nagging?”
After giving it some thought, Boyce thought that what Armand had said made sense. If Theresa could not have children and Mrs. Bernie still urged her to have children every day, she would be very depressed.
“Since you are frank with the old lady now, won’t she find it hard to accept this?” Boyce said.
Armand said, “If the soft methods don’t work, I am prepared to go back and use the aggressive methods.”
Boyce asked, “How aggressive do you want to be? Can you be more aggressive than the old lady?”
“I will threaten her with my life. I will see whether she can be more aggressive than me!”
Boyce even gave him a thumbs up, “You talk aggressively!”
Armand glanced at Boyce’s reflection in the rear-view mirror, “You can get lost. Stop making sarcastic comments.”
“You have noticed it?” Boyce chuckled.
#####Chapter 747 The Two of You Have Spent the Night Together
“Do you think I am stupid?” Armand got back to the main subject of the conversation, “Do Matthew and sister-in-law know this?”
Boyce replied, “I have not found the chance to tell them.”
Dolores was hospitalized at that moment. He didn’t disturb her.
“I have free time today. Shall we go to the hospital and visit her?” Armand turned around and glanced at him.
Boyce gave it some thought, “We can go there together at night. I have to deal with some matters in the station.”
Armand said, “Okay. We will go there together at night.”
Boyce acknowledged his words. The route that they used was close to Boyce’s house, so they first sent Jasmine to his house. Then, they went to the station.
They arrived at the station.
Boyce got out of the car, “You have worked hard today.”
Armand didn’t bother to pay attention to him, “Stop saying nonsense. Why didn’t they lock you up?”
Boyce chuckled, “Why can’t you differentiate between good things and bad things?”
“Stop showing off.” Armand stuck his head out of the car window and crooked his finger in Boyce’s direction, “You come here.”
Boyce asked, “What do you want to do?”
“If I tell you to come here, you should just come here. Don’t talk nonsense.”
Boyce didn’t reply to his words.
‘This person…’
He didn’t want to lower himself to argue with Armand, walked up to him and asked, “What do you want to do?”
Armand gave him a knowing look.
Boyce was baffled and didn’t understand what Armand meant at all, “Are you going to say something? If not, can I go?”
Armand gave a soft cough, ‘This person…’
He leaned towards Boyce and spoke under his breath, “The two of you have spent the night together?”
Boyce didn’t reply to his words.
“Get lost!” After he had finished speaking, Boyce left the area.
Seeing Boyce’s reaction, Armand chuckled, “You are still acting like a gentleman, aren’t you?”
Boyce ignored him.
Inexplicably, Armand was in a good mood. He wondered in his mind, ‘How could there be such a person like Boyce?’
‘Haha!’
When Boyce returned to the station, a person asked him whether he was fine.
The staff in the Department of Investigation had come to the station to find Boyce. Since they said that Boyce had returned home, the staff in the Department of Investigation went to Boyce’s house to find him.
Normally, it was not a good thing if one was approached by the staff in the Department of Investigation.
They asked him that question because everyone was concerned about him.
Boyce said that he was fine.
After he had finished talking, he walked towards his office. Wendy coincidentally saw him when she was coming out of Officer Miller’s office.
She seemed to be quite surprised that he could return to the station so soon.
“Boyce.”
Boyce turned around and saw her. She stood at a position that was not far away from him and had a vicious look on her face.
“You told my father about the matter, didn’t you?” She appeared there because Officer Miller had called her over to the station.
Officer Miller knew that the staff in the Department of Investigation had come to the station. A few days ago, Officer Miller unintentionally saw a picture of Boyce and Jasmine on his daughter’s phone.
When the staff in the Department of Investigation came there to find Boyce, Officer Miller asked them why they needed to find Boyce. The staff in the Department of Investigation said that someone had anonymously reported Boyce for inappropriate conduct. They even showed him the picture that was provided by the person.
At once, Officer Miller understood what was going on, so he called his daughter over to the station.
He initially wanted to verify whether she had reported this. In the end, she was unaware of this and told him the real reason why she divorced her husband.
Officer Miller was so angry that he almost fainted.
Wendy who made a slip of the tongue thought that Boyce didn’t keep the promise and he told Officer Miller the matter.
Boyce was very disdainful, “I always do what I have said.”
“You lied! You clearly told my father about the matter. Otherwise, how did he know about this?” Wendy had a grim look on her face.
Boyce had a cold gaze, “You know best when it comes to your own matters. As for how Officer Miller knew about this, I can only say that the truth will always prevail.”
“You…” Wendy was so angry that she could not speak. She could only stare at him fiercely. If looks could kill, Boyce would already be killed by Wendy many times.
Suddenly, she laughed coldly, “You should not act like a gentleman. Aren’t you the same as most men? Marrying a university student is quite nice, isn’t it?”
Wendy’s words became more and more awful.
Boyce had a cold look on his face, “Talk to me with some respect!”
Wendy laughed and raised her head, “I will have no respect for you. What can you do to me?”
The people who others fear most are people who act like Wendy. They don’t want anything, don’t care about anything and will make reckless decisions in dire situations.
Nobody can reason with this kind of person.
Boyce pushed open the door of his office. When he was about to enter his office, Wendy rushed towards him and pulled the door handle.
Boyce took a step backwards and distanced himself from her.
He acted as if she was something dirty.
He didn’t hide his contempt for her, “What do you want to do?”
“Boyce, you went back on your word. Then, I can also go back on my word. If I am having a hard time, you can also forget about living a good life…”
“It was you who reported me.”
Before she could finish speaking, Boyce interrupted her.
“As a person, there is a limit to my patience. If you do this again…”
“What can you do? Are you going to hit me?” Wendy was certain that he didn’t dare to hit her. She purposely arched towards him, “You can try to hit me.”
“Wendy!”
At some point in time, Officer Miller walked up to them. He was livid. If he didn’t have an experience of fainting due to anger, at that moment, his daughter would have made him feel so angry that he fainted.
“Immediately leave now!” Officer Miller said sternly. His tone implied that he would not allow her to refuse his orders.
Wendy was unwilling to back down. She thought that she suffered a loss because Boyce had deceived her.
“But he…”
“Do you want me to die because of anger?” Officer Miller placed his hands on his chest and almost couldn’t breathe.
Wendy bit her lip, stomped her foot and snorted. She deliberately bumped into Boyce and strode towards the exit.
Officer Miller stood on the same spot. After a long time, he managed to recollect himself and said, “Boyce, come in with me.”
Boyce followed Officer Miller into his office.
They entered Officer Miller’s office.
Officer Miller said, “Close the door.”
Boyce closed the door completely, turned around and looked at Officer Miller. Officer Miller was standing in front of the window. His hands were behind his back. He had lost a lot of weight due to his illness.
“Officer Miller…”
“When did you know that she got divorced because of her?”
#####Chapter 748 Others Will Think You Are Not Normal
Officer Miller’s voice was much hoarser.
“I found out about it unintentionally not long ago,” Boyce said with reservations.
He couldn’t just tell Officer Miller that Matthew had looked into it.
Officer Miller let out a sullen breath, “I’ve lived a life of failure.”
His daughter was not well educated.
He had even lost face in front of his subordinates at the age of retirement.
Boyce didn’t say anything.
There was nothing to say.
Wendy and her mother were the same kinds of people. It wouldn’t be easy for anyone who stumped by the two, not to mention Officer Miller, who wanted to save face.
“Why didn’t you tell me when you know about it?” Officer Miller turned around to look at him.
Boyce said, “I know you want to save face and don’t want you to bother with this.”
“Hmm.” Officer Miller walked to the seat and sat down, “Do I still have your respect?”
“Yes…”
“Cut it out.” Officer Miller interrupted him pondered for a moment, “I’m getting old, reaching my retirement age and I’m planning to retire early.”
“Why?” Boyce didn’t get it. Officer Miller was very fond of work.
Officer Miller didn’t elaborate, “I’m tired and want to rest.”
“Alright, get back to work.” Officer Miller felt ashamed to face Boyce.
He also never expected his daughter to have such a personality. He had been busy working when he was young and cared less about his family.
And now, he regretted it when he thought about it.
He would have found it out only if he had more time to care for his family and daughter and educated them.
Boyce knew that Officer Miller had his thoughts, so he didn’t comment much and just said, “I’m leaving then.”
He pulled open the door.
“Boyce, thank you for not saying it.” Officer Miller said just as Boyce was about to walk out.
In fact, Boyce was worried about him, so he didn’t tell him anything about Wendy.
He understood.
Boyce said, “It’s nothing.”
He wouldn’t say anything, too, even if his relationship with Officer Miller were not good.
His character was good, and Officer Miller knew all about it.
When it was time to leave work, Boyce arranged his work for the day before leaving work.
When he returned home, Jasmine had already cleaned up the things on the table, and the dirty clothes he had changed out of had also been washed and hung out on the balcony.
A half-eaten apple was on the table, the TV was still on, and a book was thrown on the floor.
Jasmine was lying on the sofa, sleeping with a pillow in her arms.
Boyce walked over lightly, picked up the book on the floor, picked up the remote control on the table and turned off the TV.
Jasmine woke up when the sound was off suddenly. She slowly opened her eyes, and in a blur, she saw a figure. She sat up, rubbed her eyes and went to look for her phone to see what time it was.
“When did you get back?” She asked.
“I just got back.” Boyce sat down on the sofa.
Jasmine found her phone and glanced at the time, “It’s so late.”
She placed the phone on the table, picked up the apple on the coffee table that she had half-eaten and threw it into the trash.
She was still mumbling, “That fruit stall owner told me that the apples were sweet, but it’s not at all and even hard. It’s not tasty at all. I won’t buy fruits at that fruit shop again. The boss is deceiving.”
Boyce looked at her and laughed, feeling that the way she was mumbling was cute and somewhat like a heart-warming trifle in a family.
Jasmine was unsure and asked, “What are you laughing at?”
She was thinking that he was laughing at her for being catty.
Boyce shook his head, “I’m not laughing.”
“You did.” Jasmine thought to herself, ‘I’m not blind and you did obviously laugh just now, why didn’t you admit it?’
Boyce said, “I just think you’re funny. It’s just an apple and you’re blaming the fruit shop owner just because it’s not good. What if the one you picked is the only one that’s not good?”
It seemed to make sense but not really.
Jasmine sat on his lap, wrapping her arm around his neck and asked, “Whose side are you on? Why do I think that you’re on the fruit shop owner’s side for saying this?”
Boyce asked, “Is it?”
“Yes, and I’m very sure about it.” Jasmine pouted, “Tell me, whose side are you on? Me or the fruit shop owner?”
Boyce was speechless.
How could he be biased as he hadn’t even met the fruit shop owner before?
“I’m on your side.” Boyce put his arm around her waist.
Jasmine said, “Then prove it to me.”
Boyce asked solemnly, “How do I prove it?”
Jasmine lifted her chin, “Kiss me.”
Boyce was voiceless.
“It’s legit.” Jasmine moved closer to him, “Others will laugh at you if they see you like this.”
“Laugh at me for what?”
“Laugh at you for… Forget it. I won’t say it.” Jasmine deliberately stopped to arouse his interest.
Boyce said, “Tell me.”
Jasmine shook her head, “No.”
Boyce replied, “Fine then.”
Jasmine was speechless.
Was she dumb or just that Boyce was? ‘At this time, shouldn’t Boyce said something like I’ll tickle you or kiss you if you don’t say it?’
Why didn’t he say anything else?
Jasmine blinked her eyes, ‘Is this man from Mars?’
She even wondered if he was really a man.
“Boyce, others will think you’re not normal if you’re like this,” Jasmine said seriously.
Boyce frowned, “How am I abnormal?”
“You don’t look like a normal man.” Jasmine moved closer and whispered in his ear, “Others will think you’re not a guy.”
After saying that, Jasmine quickly moved away. However, Boyce swiftly grabbed her wrist and pulled her back.
Jasmine then fell into his arms.
#####Chapter 749 Stay Here Tonight
Jasmine’s head hit Boyce’s chest. She covered her forehead as she tilted her head from his embrace and laughed with a wimpy look, “I was wrong.”
No man could accept being told by a woman that he was not a man.
This was a man’s dignity.
Boyce was stiff, “What did you get wrong?”
Jasmine lowered her head, clasped her fingers and said in a low voice, “I shouldn’t have said you were a man.”
Boyce was dumbstruck.
Jasmine realized that she had said the wrong this and hurriedly corrected herself, “I shouldn’t have said you weren’t a man.”
Boyce was speechless.
Why didn’t this sentence seem right at all?
“How are you going to apologize to me?” Boyce seemed serious, but he was heated up inside.
Jasmine curled her body and nestled in his arms, whispering, “I’ll apologize however you want me to. I’ll make sure to make you happy.”
She was so well behaved at this moment that Boyce didn’t know what to do.
He cleared his throat, “You stay here today then.”
Jasmine was dumbfounded.
‘Gosh, Boyce actually offered to keep her for the night?’
‘Did she mishear?’
‘Or, did he say it wrong?’
“What did you say?” Jasmine was happy on the surface but nervous inside. Although she was open in front of him, it was the first time too, after all.
She felt nervous in her heart inevitably, but she anticipated even more.
Boyce thought he had scared her and blinked, “I, I said…”
“You said to let me stay here tonight.” Fearing that he would backtrack, Jasmine emphasized it first, telling him that she had heard him.
Boyce said, “If you’re not ready, forget it then.”
“I’m ready,” Jasmine said quickly.
She pressed her face against his chest, “I won’t be marrying you if I’m not ready yet. I want to be with you.”
She raised her head after saying that. She got a twinkle in her eye as she said solemnly, “I always feel guilty when I’m with you.”
Boyce frowned and asked, “Why?”
Jasmine pouted, “I feel like I’m always causing you trouble.”
He had been reported because of her.
Boyce patted her back and said comfortingly, “None of this has anything to do with you. It’s my own business.”
Knowing that he was comforting her, Jasmine tilted her head and kissed his chin, asking shyly, “What are we having for dinner tonight?”
“Later Armand will come over and we’ll go to the hospital together,” Boyce said.
It dawned on Jasmine that they were going to visit Dolores in the hospital today. She hurriedly stood up from Boyce’s arms, “We have to buy something when we go to the hospital.”
“Although they don’t lack anything, it’s manners.” Jasmine pulled Boyce.
Boyce stood up cooperatively and followed her.
Jasmine smiled, “You have to pay for the shopping. I have to save my money.”
Boyce said, “Okay.”
Jasmine went to the bathroom to tie her messy hair back up and wash her face. Then she went out with Boyce.
When they reached the door, Armand, who had just arrived in his car, lowered the window and asked, “What are you doing there?”
Jasmine held Boyce’s arm, “We’re going to the supermarket to buy some things. Why don’t you come with us and we’ll go to the hospital together after we finish shopping?”
Armand glanced at Jasmine and said with a smile, “Are you teasing me?”
Jasmine said, “Nope. Are you going or not?”
Armand thought for a moment and said, “Okay. But you guys pay for it and I’ll just take it.”
“Fat chance.” Jasmine pulled Boyce to walk quickly.
Armand tutted and said, “Show off.”
Jasmine said, “You’re jealous.”
Armand was speechless.
After a long while, he just said out, “So irritating.”
‘How humiliating was that to say that out even if she had seen it through?’
They laughed and joked and went to the supermarket together.
After entering the supermarket, Armand said, “We have nothing to buy, right? Matthew is so rich, and there’s no shortage of anything.”
Jasmine dragged Boyce to the pastry side, “It’s manners, nothing to do with being rich.”
Armand stuck his pockets in and followed behind them, feeling dumb. What was the point of following them here?
Armand was overwhelmed, looking at the intimate look of the two. 
As soon as they entered the pastry shop, they could smell the sweet aroma of the pastries inside.
Although Jasmine had never had a baby herself, she had entered society long ago and heard many people say that it was easy to get hungry when pregnancy reached its later stages because the foetus absorbed more nutrients.
So, it was not only appetizing to buy some light snacks but also nutritious.
Jasmine picked out a few that were delicate and tasted good.
When she came out, she bought a bouquet from the florist at the entrance.
Boyce had driven his car. Otherwise, he would have had to ask Armand to deliver them back later.
They arrived at the hospital together.
#####Chapter 750 Went Into Space
In such a large hospital, people would have to queue up for their medical appointments during the day. However, during the night was a whole different story, as there were not much of a crowd at the hospital. They parked their car, entered through the ward building and got into an elevator
Armand stood far away from the couple.
Boyce asked him, “Are we infected with some sort of contagious disease? Why are you social distancing away from us?”
Armand chuckled, “Not exactly, y’all being together poisons me.”
Back at the supermarket, Jasmine basically glued herself to Boyce’s arm. Up until now, even in the elevator, she still had not separated from him.
Their lovey-dovey activities shined brighter than Betelgeuse in the night sky.
Onlookers not only felt pain in their teeth and suffered from reddened eyes, all they could do was look as the couple continue to shine like a star with their intimacy.
Jasmine smiled.
Armand shot her a glance, “Why are you laughing?”
Jasmine replied, “Am I committing a felony by laughing?”
Armand was taken aback by her response.
A witty one, this Jasmine.
The elevator stopped with a ‘ding’, and as soon as the doors opened, Armand stood out of the elevator. 
Boyce sighed, “How childish.”
Armand looked back, glared at him and contemplated spitting out vulgar words, but chose not to for Jasmine’s sake.
Without batting him an eye, the both of them definitely had a lot of fun being lovey-dovey with each other.
All to piss him off.
In the ward, Dolores stared into Matthew’s eyes and asked, “Just this time, please?”
Matthew stood his ground, “No can do, those are not healthy for you.”
Dolores threw a tantrum, kicked him and said, “Go away, leave me alone!”
Matthew grabbed her ankle and said in a low voice, “Be a good girl, and listen to me, okay? I’ll get you something else to eat, what do you want?”
“I don’t want anything else, I only want Spicy Hot Pot.” She was aware that Spicy Hot Pot was not healthy, but her picky mouth wanted it and only it.
Dolores could easily be headstrong, and when she did Matthew could not do anything about it.
“I’ll ask Carol to make some Spicy Hot Pot for you, okay?” Matthew asked as he tapped on her sole.
Dolores shook her head, “It doesn’t taste the same if Carol makes it.”
And with that, Matthew was out of ideas.
Someone was knocking on the room door. Matthew covered up her legs with the blanket. She was wearing a rolled up dress that was so rolled up, her thigh was on show for the world to see.
“I’ll get the door.” Matthew said as he stood up.
Dolores recomposed her expressions and quieted down.
No matter how headstrong she could be, she still knew how to control herself.
Moreover, someone else was visiting them and her headstrong side only shows in front of Matthew.
“We’re here to visit Dolores.”
Matthew opened the door and saw Armand.
He stepped back from the door and allowed them to enter.
“Do you know what has Boyce been doing behind our backs?” Armand said upon stepping into the room.
Boyce shot him a glare, “Didn’t I say that I don’t have a chance to tell you guys about it?”
Armand was actively pissing off Boyce, as he was annoyed and jealous of him, “What do you mean ‘I don’t have a chance’? Do I not have a phone? Or did Matthew got into a rocket and went into space? So you can’t communicate with the both of us?” 
Matthew slowly and menacingly glared at Armand, which prompted him to immediately back down from his stance, “I-I was the one who went into space.”
Jasmine got a chuckle out of his panic, as she found him being angry one second and immediately backing down on the next hilarious. With something in her hands, she asked, “May I come in?”
Matthew saw the things in her hands and nodded.
Jasmine walked into the room, tip-toeing all the way. Seeing her, Dolores asked with a smile, “I’m glad that you’re here.”
She heard everything that they said.
Jasmine replied in a soft voice, “Mhmm, I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
Dolores shook her head, “Not at all, I’m glad that you guys came. I’m bored out of my mind here.”
Jasmine smiled, placed some food on the table and said, “I bought this on the way here, though I don’t really know what you really loved to eat, so I bought some random things for you.”
Dolores replied, “Now that you’ve said that, I do get hungry very easily lately.”
“I’ve heard that your baby is growing right now, so they need more nutrients during this period.”
Dolores smiled, “You’re a knowledgeable girl, you know that?”
Jasmine smiled and gave her some treats.
Dolores duly accepted her treats.
Jasmine opened the box of treats, took out a piece of exquisite-looking desert and handed it over to Dolores. She then got a glass to water and set that down on the table.
The desert was packaged. It came with its own little plate and spoon. She took a scoop of the desert and ate it. It was not very sweet, it was fluffy with a thick lemon flavour.
Jasmine sat on a chair next to the bed, waited for a while before saying, “Me and Boyce are engaged.”
Dolores stopped eating for a second, startled, slowly turned and looked at her in shock.
Jasmine smiled, “Did I surprise you?”
Dolores shook her head and replied, “No, not really.”
It was, since she did not expect Boyce to act so quickly. 
“He was scared that I’d be affected by bad influences, so he wanted to finish the engagement as soon as possible. Though I’m glad that he did, or else I’d be troubling him again.”
“Did something happen?” Dolores asked.
She was stuck in the hospital for days, so she was effectively cut off from what was happening in the outside world.
Thus, Jasmine briefly told her about the incident where someone reported Boyce.
Dolores was confused, why would people report Boyce?
“Don’t worry about it, it’s already over.” Jasmine was regretting her decision to tell Dolores as she ended up worrying her over nothing.
She should not have told Dolores about this.
“Dolores.”
Armand, who stood near the door, said, “You already know that Boyce and Jasmine are engaged, right?”
Dolores nodded.
“I’m thinking that the both of them should treat us to a feast.” Armand proposed.
Dolores replied, “Why though, it’s not like I can eat anything in my current state, so don’t count me in.”
Since the doctor said she should not leave the hospital in her current state,  even if she wanted to bleed Boyce’s wallet dry by having a lavish feast, she could not outright defy the doctor’s advice.
“I have a very easy solution for this,” Armand added, “We’ll get people to send the food here, so that you can join us in our feast as well.”
#####Chapter 751 A Toast!
That sounded like a great idea.
“It’s settled then, Boyce will treat us to a feast today,” said Armand as he rubbed his hands together, wanting to eat to his heart’s content at Boyce’s expense.
“I’m feeling some hotpot today, how about you?” Dolores felt that hotpot was the closest thing to Spicy Hot Pot. Since the latter was prohibited by Matthew, she hoped that hotpot would be somewhat acceptable for him.
Matthew walked over and glared at her.
Dolores dodged his glare by drinking the cup of water on the table.
Armand replied, “We can do that, yes. But wouldn’t the heavy smell of the hotpot make the whole room reek of spice?”
“We can always open the windows to ventilate the air. Plus we’ll be eating at the outhouse anyway, not here.”
Armand agreed, “Very well, then, we’ll eat there. I’ll order, and Boyce’s gonna pay for all of it.”
Boyce said, “Even if you chose to eat dragon’s meat today, I’ll still pay for it, no matter how ludicrously expensive it is.”
Armand shot him a glare, “Oh I’ll show you how expensive it will be, just you wait.”
Armand was absolutely determined to bleed his wallet so dry, it could rival the Saharan Desert in dryness.
Jasmine approached him, curious as to what he was ordering. Witnessing this, Armand stepped back and said, “Go away, go glue yourself to your beloved Boyce.”
“Careful now, girls don’t like petty guys,” joked Jasmine.
Armand was speechless.
“I don’t need anyone else to like me…”
“This applies to Theresa, too,” added Jasmine.
Armand was speechless once again.
He stared into Jasmine’s eyes for some time before blurting out, “You and your beloved Boyce really are made for each other.”
They were also made to piss Armand off.
Jasmine smiled, twisting the knife even deeper, “What a coincidence, I think the same way, too!”
Armand had his words took away from him again.
Sustaining severe damage from Jasmine’s verbal assault, he replied, “Jasmine, you really shouldn’t learn from Boyce, you’ll be a bad girl if you do.”
“I don’t think he’s a bad example for me.”
And unsurprisingly, Armand was speechless.
He had lost all intentions to speak as he lowered his head and focused on another damage-dealing option, ordering food.
“Anything you want to eat, Dolores?” Armand looked at Dolores and asked.
She immediately answered, “Yes, I want some fish balls, tofu sheets, and seaweed.”
Now, Armand was rendered speechless by another person other than his eternal tormentor, Jasmine.
He blinked in disbelief and asked, “That’s all? Anything that’s remotely expensive? Don’t you want something that will burn a hole in Boyce’s wallet?”
Dolores replied, “Even if I don’t, I’m sure that you’ll order those regardless, no?”
Armand pursed his lips, since Dolores’ statement was not false.
“I want some duck blood.” Jasmine looked over Armand and saw what he was ordering.
Armand sat on the sofa and asked, “Anything else?”
Jasmine shook her head.
He stared at her and added, “Saving your husband’s money, I see.”
Jasmine was sitting beside Boyce, then she leaned on his shoulder and said, “Of course, whatever belongs to him belongs to me as well.”
Seeing them flash their intimacy right in his face prompted Armand to order another bottle of Lafite of 1982.
Consider this a punishment for continuously flashing his eyes with intimacy.
If Jasmine knew what he did, she would had distanced herself from Armand.
In the room, Matthew stood next to the bed and asked, “Are you happy now?”
Dolores wrapped her arms around his waist, looked up, shook her head and said, “No, I still haven’t eaten Spicy Hot Pot.”
Matthew smiled, pinched her cheeks and said, “Since when did you become this headstrong?”
“I’ve always been this headstrong, did you not realize this before?” said Dolores with a smile.
“It’s for your own good…”
“I know.” Dolores interrupted him. She knew full well that he meant well for her.
She just had an urge to eat some.
Moreover, she was not eating Spicy Hot Pot right then and there.
A while later, there was ruckus outside the room, it could be that the food delivery had arrived.
Dolores wrapped her arms around Matthew’s, “I want to go out.”
He responded by pulling away her blanket and saying, “I’ll carry you.”
Flustered, she shook her head and replied, “Eh, you don’t have to.”
“Then, I’ll bring the food into the room for you.”
“Fine, I’ll let you carry me.” What was the point of hotpot if everyone was not eating together while chatting? She had not left this room ever since she entered it, so she might as well use this opportunity to get out of this metaphorical jail room.
When she got out from the room, everything was laid out in front of her on a coffee table. For everything else that could not fit on the coffee table, they moved another small table next to it to hold more food.
The originally tranquil and quiet room suddenly became lively.
Jasmine grabbed the cushions from the sofas for Matthew to set Dolores down on.
Armand opened the wine. When he ordered the food, he specifically instructed the restaurant to provide them with wine glasses. He first poured a glass of wine for Boyce, followed by Jasmine.
Matthew could immediately see through Armand’s actions. Since they were finally gathering together, he reminded Armand, “Don’t go too overboard.”
Armand smiled, “Heh, don’t worry, I won’t. I’m not planning to sleep with anyone tonight. Let’s see Boyce and Jasmine have a toast with each other, that wouldn’t be overboard, yes?”
Looking at him, Dolores smiled, picked up a durian ball with her chopsticks and ate it. The insides were authentic durian meat; the outsides were baked or fried to a perfect golden crust. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the durian flavour exploded in Dolores’ mouth.
She loved it, so she picked up another and put it into Matthew’s plate.
Then she looked at Armand acting like a monkey.
Seeing the new arrival on his plate, Matthew picked it up and ate it.
“Come. Drink!”
Armand said as he slammed the wine bottle down onto the table.
This time, it was Boyce that was speechless.
Jasmine was also rather embarrassed, as she clenched Boyce’s shirt.
“Come one now, you’re both engaged, stop acting like a pure little innocent girl. Drink up, Boyce. Or else, I’ll sleep in your house starting today.” Armand smiled, then added, “Or, would you want me to drink with Jasmine in your stead?” 
“Alright, fine, I’ll drink. It’s just wine.” Jasmine knew full well that Armand was joking, but she decided to entertain him. She picked up the glass, poked Boyce’s arm with her other hand and said, “He just wants to troll you. Let’s give him what he wants, both of us toasting each other, so we can shut him up.”
#####Chapter 752 What the Hell are you Laughing at?
Armand coughed lightly and jokingly in the direction of Boyce as he snickered, “A woman is better than you.”
Boyce shifted his body away from him as he complained, “You have some foul breath. Stay away from me.”
Armand glared at him, “You’re the one with the foul breath.” As he said that, he shot a wink at Jasmine which indicated him seeking approval on his opinion about Boyce’s bad breath from her. 
Jasmine could feel her cheeks burning, “If you bully us now, I won’t say anything nice in front of your future girlfriend. We will even spout bad remarks about you and coerce her to part with you.”
Armand didn’t know what to say to that.
This hateful bitch!
Dolores laughed bitterly, “Armand, that’s enough. See, you’re embarrassing them.”
Armand sat down and picked up a pair of chopsticks, looking like he was about to begin his meal, “This is such a golden opportunity. Otherwise, once we pass this village, we won’t have any chance to see Boyce blushing anymore.”
“You’re the one who’s blushing here,” Boyce said awkwardly.
“Boyce, down that drink with Jasmine. You have to shut Armand up.” Dolores chipped in merrily. 
Jasmine thought that Dolores would side with Boyce and her, but it turned out that she was siding with Armand now. Jasmine cooed coquettishly, “Lola, my sister-in-law, stop bullying us.”
“Hey, hey, you’re calling her so intimately now. Faster down this cross-cupped beer.” Armand once again tried to rile up the atmosphere.
Jasmine shot a death glare at Armand, “Of course I will follow Boyce’s way of addressing.”
Armand put up his hands innocently. Deep down, he was reluctant to watch Jasmine and Boyce showing their loveliness in front of him now. Damn it, his relationship was in jeopardy now, so he couldn’t bring himself to see another happy couple.
“Faster down it, you lot. It’s just a cross-cupped cup of beer. I’m not even asking you to toast to your love in front of us.”
Jasmine winked. What did he mean by a toast to our love?
Matthew warned, “Don’t go overboard.”
It was one thing to mess around, but it was another to go overboard. 
Armand smiled wryly as he shoved a piece of rib-eye beef into his mouth. He swallowed it and commented, “This just happens to be a rare opportunity.”
Boyce picked up his chopsticks, wanting to dismiss the whole thing with the cross-cupped beer, but before he could pretend that nothing had happened and picked up a piece of duck blood, Matthew’s voice, “Don’t be so hasty. Finish that cup that Armand has poured for you first.”
Boyce was speechless at the moment.
Didn’t this episode just end?
He slowly looked up.
Dolores was covering a smile with her hand.
Armand let out a chuckle by the side, and Boyce immediately snapped his head at him, “What the hell are you laughing at?” 
“Don’t spout rude words in front of your future wife.” Armand patted his chest and continued, “I won’t laugh anymore. Don’t you see that everyone is waiting for you guys to have a cross-cupped beer? You should be a man and stop fussing around like that. You’re not manly at all.”
Boyce let out a snort and raised a cup of beer. He then turned to look at Jasmine. 
Jasmine reached out her hand cooperatively. 
Boyce hooked his arm around hers awkwardly, and it was obvious the couple was embarrassed by this. However, due to the enticement of the others around them, they wouldn’t be able to just breeze through this without doing anything.
The three of them watched the couple finishing their cross-cupped beer, and Armand began clapping, “This is good enough…”
Boyce put down his cup and shot a glance at him, “Just you wait.”
Armand’s face immediately turned bitter, “I can’t wait for you to get back at me, but from the look of things, I can’t see any opportunity like this anymore shortly.”
He would go back to interrogate the old lady with a knife on her neck as he threatened, “If you continue to force my hand, I will really die in front of you.”
The old lady was very composed, “You won’t do it.”
Armand had nothing to say to that.
“I am the one who raised you. Don’t you think I should know you thoroughly?”
Armand immediately deflated like a balloon upon hearing that.
“You should drink more. This is my wedding feast.” Boyce poured some alcohol for Armand.
Armand remarked, “You are really despicable.” 
Boyce let out a laugh, “You’re not one to say that.”
Boyce turned to pour one cup for Matthew, “Since today’s our wedding feast, you two should drink more.”
Matthew returned with a question, “Are you bearing grudges on me?”
“Do I look like someone who remembers his grudges?” Boyce put on a solemn expression. 
Matthew raised his cup and toasted it with Armand, and the two of them downed their drinks in one go. He then said, “This cup is all I’ll be drinking.”
It was not a good thing to drink too much. Furthermore, Dolores only had him by her side at the moment. If she didn’t feel well while he was drunk, he wouldn’t be able to notice that.
Although he was a good drinker.
Boyce knew his reasons, so he only refilled Armand’s cup, “I know that you need to let out some steam. Things will be better if you drink more.”
Armand wasn’t one to reject his drinks. It was just alcohol after all, “I won’t get drunk no matter how much I drink in your wedding feast.”
Dolores sipped on her fruit juice and she toasted to Jasmine at the same time, “Congratulations on your marriage. I didn’t know that you’re already registered so son. I will send in a gift as compensation soon.”
Jasmine smiled, “You don’t need to do that.”
“It’s a must.” She just didn’t have much time at the moment, so she could only wait until next time.
Jessica came to deliver Dolores’ food at this moment, but she realized that Dolores had eaten. The whole house was filled with the aroma of hot pot. The lot of them were busy enjoying the meal.  Dolores asked Jessica whether she had eaten as she invited her to join them. Jessica answered that she had already eaten at home before coming here.
After the meal, Jessica opened the windows to air the house. The workers from the restaurant came in to take away the dishes. These were all paid by Boyce, and he had already spent a lot just for this occasion.
The lot of them engaged in a brief conversation before they decided to call it a day. Dolores had to rest.
Armand left the house with Boyce, but halfway in their departure, he visited the washroom. Boyce and Jasmine emerged from the hospital first.
Since they had drunk a lot, Boyce had called for a driver.
In no time, the driver arrived and Boyce handed his car key to him and told him the address.
Jasmine and he took a seat at the back.
Jasmine didn’t get close to him while in the car. The two of them had straightened their bodies as if they were slightly nervous.
Soon, the car arrived at their destination. Boyce paid for the trip and retrieved his car keys before they ventured into their community area.
Normally, Jasmine would take his arm, but it was different now. Boyce had taken the initiative to invite her to sleep over together, and deep in her heart, she knew what that would entail.
At that moment, there were butterflies in her stomach.
#####Chapter 753 Let’s Go to Sleep
Her arms which were dangling by her side seemed to be at a loss as to where she should position them.
Very soon, the elevator arrived, and Boyce urged her to enter first. She walked forward and waited on the side as Boyce entered next and pressed the designated floor. He then stood by her side.
Jasmine stole a peek at him but noticed that his face was indecipherable. She couldn’t guess what he was thinking.
She tried to start a conversation, “You guys are quite close.”
Boyce immediately knew what she was referring to. He nodded, “You’re right.”
A loud ding interrupted them and the elevator stopped moving. Boyce exited the elevator followed by Jasmine from behind. 
Boyce opened the door to his house and entered it. The two of them remained silent for some time, but then they both spoke at the same time.
“You first…”
“You should take a bath first.”
The two of them exchanged a smile, and Jasmine added, “We smell like hot pot exactly. You should bath first, I’ll do it next.”
Boyce nodded.
She took a seat on the sofa in the living room, but her heart was still racing. She didn’t know what kind of mindset she should set herself in, and she couldn’t keep her thoughts from wandering. 
As her mind wandered, the contents became more and more ambiguous. Her cheeks were blushed as she slapped her head lightly. What the hell was she imagining now?
To shift her attention away, she took the remote controller and switched on the television.
She changed the channels repeatedly, but after a dozen channels, she still couldn’t find some show to settle on.
At the same time, the sound of water gushing could be heard coming from the bathroom.
She looked in the direction of the sound and saw a vague outline of a huge figure on that semi-transparent glass door.
She couldn’t help but recall his muscular naked upper body.
She blushed again and thought that she must be crazy now. Why did she think of such a thing?
“Ah, ah…” She didn’t like to engage in such messy thoughts, but at the same time, she had no control over her mind. She vented her frustrations on a pillow on the sofa as she pinched and punched it.
However, she didn’t notice that the sound of water had stopped in the bathroom. She was still lost in her messy thoughts as she tried to dissipate them and calm herself down. However…
“What are you doing?” Boyce looked at her in confusion.
Jasmine raised her head with her hair cascading messily on top of it, and immediately she saw Boyce standing in front of her.
Boyce was draped in a white bathrobe and he looked like he didn’t dry his body well enough. Inside the loose collar, she could see water droplets resting on his chest, and they were glinting off the faint light in the room. The droplets slowly slid into underneath his bathrobe following his chiseled muscles.
Jasmine’s face got even redder as she stared at his body.
When did he finish bathing?
Jasmine blinked as she cowered at the thought of him seeing her maniacal behavior.
“Wh—When did you finish your bath?” Jasmine swallowed a mouthful as she stammered.
“Just now. What’s wrong with you, are you feeling unwell?”
Jasmine shook her head almost too quickly, “No, I—I need to take a bath now.”
After scouring her head for what felt like an eternity, she couldn’t come up with any good response. She quickly found herself some excuse and fled on the scene.
She disappeared into the bathroom and slammed the door without warning.
The mirror in the bathroom had an automatic defogging function, so through the clear mirror, she could clearly see her own embarrassing look.
Her expression was awkward, and she completely felt embarrassed at the moment.
If she could, she would have found a hole to bury herself into.
The whole thing was too embarrassing.
Would Boyce think that she was an insane person now?
Ah, ah, it was such an important day today. Why did she have to do something so stupid like this?
She couldn’t shake off the embarrassment at all.
“Jasmine, oh Jasmine, why did you have to embarrass yourself on such an important day?” Jasmine couldn’t help but wish for time to turn back. If she was given another chance, she wouldn’t do something like this.
Knock knock—
There was a sudden knocking on the bathroom door.
She immediately became tense as she asked at the door, “Wh—What’s the matter?”
Boyce was standing right outside the door as he replied, “I have used the bathrobe inside, so I am fetching one for you now. Although this is mine too, so you have to make do with the bigger size.”
Jasmine glanced around and saw that there weren’t any bathrobes on the shelf. There was only a towel lying there. She opened the door timidly and Boyce came in to deliver the bathrobe.
When Jasmine was about to take it, he didn’t just let go of the robe. He asked with a dense expression, “What’s wrong with you just now?”
Jasmine was silent for a while.
This man…really had some worrying EQ.
Wasn’t he able to see that she was in such a pinch?
Why did he have to come out and ask this?
Jasmine covered her face and replied, “At the thought of sleeping over here with you, is there anything wrong with me for feeling shy?”
Boyce’s expression drastically changed and naturally, at this point, he finally realized that he shouldn’t ask something like that.
He naively thought that she must be feeling unwell.
“Go take your bath first.” Boyce turned to leave after saying that.
Jasmine felt even more embarrassed when she put her messy thoughts into words.
She shut the door of the bathroom and began her bath. She even washed her hair and dried them before standing in front of the mirror to examine herself.
The girl reflected in the mirror was beautiful, young and had a good figure. She curled up her lips and the girl in the mirror smiled reflexively. It was a sweet one.
She sucked in a deep breath as if to convince herself that she was ready and then she opened the bathroom door and emerged from it.
Boyce was watching television on the sofa, and although the show was playing, he wasn’t really paying attention to it. He didn’t even know what was going on in the show.
Upon hearing the sound of the door opening, his eyes immediately darted in that direction. 
Jasmine’s hair was sprawling behind her and they were silky smooth. Boyce’s bathroom only reached his knees but hers reached her ankles. Her whole body was tightly covered in it. She walked over while clutching the tie to her robe and asked in a low voice, “What are you watching now?”
Boyce returned his gaze to the screen. It was a foreign movie without any title.
“It’s just some movie.” Boyce took a sip out of the glass of water on the table.
Jasmine came to his side and sat down, “What kind of movie do you like to watch?”
Boyce answered warily, “I don’t really know.”
He rarely watched any movies.
Jasmine mumbled some response before sinking into silence.
It was a long period of silence.
The atmosphere was full of possibility, as the couple seemed to want to talk about something but fail to find a topic. It was an ambiguous atmosphere.
“Are you thirsty? Do you want me to pour you some water?” Boyce suddenly asked.
Jasmine shook her head, “I’m not.”
Then, the two of them focused their gazes on the television, but at the same time, their hearts were in turmoil.
They didn’t know how things start to become like this.
They didn’t know how to put into words certain things here.
The ticking of the clock punctuated the silence in the room.
Time was slowly moving on without them noticing.
Jasmine looked up at the clock and saw that midnight was just minutes away.
She turned to look at Boyce, “What time do you usually sleep?”
Boyce answered, “If there’s nothing that needs my attention, I usually sleep around eleven.”
“It’s twelve now.” Jasmine clutched her fists.
She was thinking, ‘This man... Do I have to make the first move every time?’
Did she have to play the role of a man now?
Boyce was overcome with an intense thirst as he took another sip from the class. Even after finishing the whole thing, he still felt parched on his lips.
He turned to look at Jasmine with a rigid expression, as if he was on the verge of losing control of his body, “Let’s go to sleep.”
#####Chapter 754 Taking Medicine is not Good for Health
Jasmine mumbled some vague response under her breath. 
They then entered the room under an ambiguous, inexplicable atmosphere.
The two of them sat by the bed. Boyce’s back was strangely straight, his palms on his laps slowly curled into fists.
Jasmine drooped her eyes and from time to time her eyelashes were seen trembling. Her hand was grabbing at her robe uneasily, and all of a sudden her hand was grabbed by someone. That had felt warm, and there were calluses on the inside, “Sit right here.”
Jasmine stood up and Boyce put his hand around her waist and led her to sit on his lap.
He looked up at her and asked in a hoarse voice, “Ar—Are you ready?”
Jasmine looked down at the floor and a strand of hair dropped across Boyce’s face. His boiling blood seemed to go up a notch as he raised his hand and lightly take the rein of her bathrobe. With a slight pull, the bathrobe came undone.
Jasmine’s body inadvertently tensed up, and she suddenly grabbed his hand only to see him looking at her. They were locking gazes.
With their eyes meeting, Boyce thought that she was afraid, so he ventured, “I guess you are not ready yet…”
Before he could finish his sentence, his lips were interrupted by Jasmine’s kiss. 
The two of them finally broke through that imaginary veil separating them. With Jasmine’s initiation, everything began smoothly. 
Boyce pushed him to the bed, and Jasmine suddenly felt bare naked from the front. She realized that her bathrobe had come undone.
She instinctively wanted to block her front, but Boyce grabbed her hand to prevent that, and his gaze slowly fell on her.
Her face was burning, and her heart was pounding uncontrollably. 
Jasmine’s body developed pretty well, and although she was not the voluptuous type, she still had all the assets a woman should have. Her skin was fair, and her figure was curvy.
She bit her lips, “Do I need to buy some medicine?”
Boyce’s eyes were depthless and dark, and his voice was straining greatly, “What do you want that for?”
What’s more, was there any need to buy medicine?
“I’m talking about… birth control pills.” Jasmine still wanted to complete her studies first. She didn’t want to have a baby so early on.
“Eating that is not good for your health, right?” Boyce was a little frustrated. How could he forget this important thing?   
He wanted to get up, but Jasmine hooked her arms around his neck and said, “I think it’s fine for me to eat that afterwards.”
She remembered that there was a type of medicine that could ward off pregnancy for as long as 72 hours after their intercourse.
Boyce pulled up her shirt and said, “I’m going to buy… a condom. It’s not good for your health to take that kind of pill.”
Jasmine nodded.
Boyce had a change of clothes before going out, and Jasmine covered herself with the blanket. Her whole body was buried within the fabric, with only her head sticking out. There was a faint blush on her face. Somehow, she liked this feeling.
This feeling of being taken care of, and getting loved by someone else.
She felt that she was the lucky one. Although her upbringing wasn’t all fairy tale, she was able to meet Boyce. He was mature and understanding, and he knew how to care for another.
She wished that she could graduate soon so that she could bear a child for him.
She wanted to see him being a father.
All of a sudden, this expectation was all she could think about.
Suddenly, a phone started to ring on the table. She looked at the source of the ringing and saw that it belonged to Boyce. He didn’t bring his phone when he went out.
She fetched it and saw that Armand’s name was on the caller’s ID.
After giving it some thought, she decided to answer the call.
“Hello.”
“I am from the traffic police department. Do you know a man named Armand?”
Jasmine sat up straight and replied, “I know him. What’s wrong?”
Why did the traffic police department come calling?
Jasmine’s back was as straight as a ruler now.
“He’s drunk driving a while ago and he was met with an accident. He’s in the surgical theater now. If you are his family, please do come over now.”
Jasmine was utterly shocked? Drunk driving? Surgical theater?
“H—How is he now?”
She tossed her blanket away and started to gather her clothes.
“We don’t know for now. Just come over as soon as you can.”
“Alright, alright. What hospital are you at now?”
The caller stated the address before hanging up.
Jasmine suddenly realized that none of her clothes was there. She hastily wore Boyce’s T-shirt and fortunately for her, it looked like a dress that covered her thighs. 
At that moment, Boyce returned and saw that Jasmine was tying her hair in the bathroom. There was a black plastic bag dangling from his hand, “Why are you up?”
“You’re finally back. Bad news, Armand was involved in a car accident, and he is in a hospital now on the surgery bed. I didn’t learn of his condition yet.” Jasmine answered nervously.
Boyce asked for the address of the hospital, and Jasmine told her what she heard.
“You can go to sleep first. I’ll go take a look.” Boyce put down what he had bought and immediately turned to leave.
“Let me go with you.” Jasmine couldn’t be rest assured.
Boyce glanced at her and saw that she was wearing his clothes. Although the fabric barely reached her thigh, he still thought that the clothes were too revealing. “You just stay at home for now. I will call you if anything arises.”
He took his car key was about to really leave, but he was struck by a thought halfway as he took out a card and gave it to her, “You can buy whatever you like, like those clothes.”
Jasmine shook her head, “I don’t want it, I have my own…”
Boyce grabbed her hand and shoved the card into her palms before turning to leave.
Jasmine was rooted to the spot as she said to his back, “Be careful when driving.”
Boyce replied, “Got it. Shut the door tight, and go to sleep.”
Jasmine nodded.
Boyce drove to the hospital to get first-hand news on the situation.
Everyone was drunk during the night, and he had called for a driver but Armand didn’t do the same. He had driven his car on his own, and according to the traffic police’s description, although the other part was responsible too, Armand was drunk-driving, which was a serious offence that warranted serious punishment.
He needed to bear a lot of responsibilities, and his driving license was going to be revoked.
Not only Armand was hurt, but the other driver was also injured too.
He was also being rescued on a surgical bed too.
However, such details didn’t matter to Boyce. He just wanted to know what had become of Armand. 
“We don’t know yet.” The traffic police said. There was a lot of blood on him at the scene.
At this time, the door of the surgical theater suddenly opened, and a doctor dressed in a blue surgical suit emerged from it.
#####Chapter 755 Who Knows, He might be Softhearted
Boyce rushed up to him and asked anxiously, “What is his condition?”
The doctor looked at him, “Are you family with the patient?”
Boyce answered after a pause, “I am.”
“The patient has grave injuries. You need to be prepared for anything.” After saying that, he produced a surgery agreement contract, “His family need to approve of this surgery.”
A loud buzzing overcame Boyce. He couldn’t believe the doctor’s words.
What did he mean by saying ‘be prepared for anything?
“Please sign it now, or else the surgery will be delayed.” The doctor reminded again.
Boyce came back to reality and answered, “I’ll sign it.”
It was paramount to save his life first. Armand’s only relative was his mother, and it was not easy to bring her here at the moment.
After his signature, Boyce hastily called Matthew.
Matthew was at a hospital too, but it was not the same one as where Armand was now. Armand had been sent to the nearest hospital from the scene of the accident.
Dolores was pestering Matthew, “What do you mean by saying ‘toasting to your love’?”
She was curious when she heard this phrase during dinner.
Matthew was lying there, but he had no intention to answer her.  
Dolores was very persistent. She threw herself into his embrace, “If you don’t spill now, I’m going to bite you.”
Matthew asked, “Where do you plan to bite me?”
Dolores blinked, and her eyelashes left a huge shade under the glow of the light. She smiled and poked his lips with her finger, “What about here?”
Matthew raised his chin, “Then I’ll allow you to bite me there.”
Dolores swooped down and bit him on his lips while hugging his face. She didn’t bite very hard, but there was still a set of jaw imprint left on his lips.
Matthew reached out and touched his face reluctantly, “Your saliva is on my cheeks.”
“This is what you get for not telling me.” Dolores pouted, “I should just bite you to death.”
Matthew wrapped his arms around her waist and smiled nonchalantly, “They said that a woman’s heart is the most venomous.”
“You only know that now? However, it’s too late now, I have successfully pestered you and made sure you cannot get rid of me anymore.” Dolores lied down on his arm and stared at the ceiling, “It’s just a week away, and it will be eight months.”
She then turned and asked, “Are you looking forward to it?”
Matthew nodded and hugged her from the side. He planted a kiss on her forehead, “It’s my child too, of course, I am looking forward to that day. I have missed out on Samuel and Simona, so I won’t miss this one. I won’t let you be alone. I already asked the doctor, and he told me that I can accompany you when you give birth…”
“No.”
Dolores was against this idea.
She didn’t want anyone to be by her side when she gave birth.
The scene when she gave birth was going to be violent, and she didn’t like the idea of Matthew laying eyes on such a scene.
Matthew seemed to know what she meant, so he simply laughed, “You’re going to give birth to my child. No matter how you turn out to be, I will always love you.”
Dolores was still very repulsive, “No can do.”
Furthermore, there would be doctors, nurses and other workers there. Many people would be present, and from her waist down she would be stark naked…
“Tell me truthfully, do you have any women by your side in the past?” Dolores brought up an old topic once again. She pinched his cheeks, “You know a lot, don’t you? Are you feeling guilty for hiding things from me?”
Matthew didn’t say anything.
It seemed that he couldn’t just breeze through this, could he?
He cleared his throat and said, “When I said toasting to the love, I mean drinking alcohol.”
“What kind of drinking do you mean?” Dolores pursued the topic. It must not be just any ordinary drinking, or else, why with the fancy name, ‘toast to your love’?
That name was incredibly suspicious.
Matthew mumbled something, “It’s referring to the cross-cupped beer…”
“Stop lying to me.” Dolores wouldn’t so naively believe that.
Matthew glanced at her through the corners of his eyes, “I haven’t finished yet. You’re interrupting me.”
Dolores shut up and looked at him with the expression of urging him on.
Matthew continued, “Cross-cupped drinking is just the first stage. In the second stage, a couple would drink by kissing, and in the third stage…”
His eyes were directed at Dolores, which made her lurch backwards, “Is there something even more lecherous?”
Matthew nodded solemnly, and his eyes were studying her.
Dolores asked, “What are you looking at?”
Matthew replied, “Nothing.”
He then proceeded to hug her and looked like he wanted to sleep.
Dolores continued asking, “Are you men so thick-faced when nobody is watching?”
Matthew tightened his hug and said, “I am only so thick-faced when I am with you.”
“You know a lot, so who knows, maybe you have said the same thing to many women in the past.” Dolores naturally believed him, but she just wanted to tease him by pretending to be angry.
Matthew smiled, “Then I will do it.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, being thick-faced in front of other women…”
“How dare you!”
Matthew’s smile deepened as he asked, “What will happen if I do that?”
Dolores answered fiercely, “I will chop you up and feed the dogs!”
Matthew was speechless.
Why did this sound so familiar? 
Wasn’t this what she used to say to him in the past?
The two of them continued to banter for a while before going to sleep with Matthew hugging her.
In the thick of sleep, they heard the sound of the phone ringing.
Dolores asked softly, “Isn’t that your phone?”
Matthew fumbled around before finding her phone, and upon looking at the caller, he saw that it was Boyce. He was far more reliable and trustworthy compared to Armand, so he wouldn’t call him at this hour without a good reason. Matthew answered the call.
“Hello.”
“Armand has met with an accident, and it is pretty serious. Surgery is being performed on him now in the hospital, and I am here. I don’t know how to deal with this, what should I do?”
Matthew sat up on his bed and switched on the lamp. He asked again, “What did you say?”
“I said, Armand was in an accident,” Boyce repeated.
Matthew frowned deeply, “How did he get into an accident?”
“Drunk driving.”
Dolores widened her eyes, “Who’s in an accident?”
“Armand. I am going to take a look at things.” Matthew immediately got up and asked about the hospital Boyce was currently at.
Then, he hung up and started to find his clothes.
Dolores asked, “Is it serious?”
“Yes, Boyce is already at the hospital now. If it’s a small injury, he wouldn’t have called me.” Matthew replied while wearing his clothes.
After saying that, he came over and caressed Dolores’ hair, “Don’t worry, Boyce and I will look after things. You just need to sleep.”
Dolores nodded and after some hesitation, she asked, “Should we tell Theresa?”
Matthew mulled over this before concluding, “Give her a call.”
The two of them always had a difficult relationship. Perhaps this timing was a good chance for them. Perhaps Theresa would become softhearted.
Dolores nodded, “Please drive slowly when it’s night now. There’s no need to rush.”
With this accident on Armand, she suddenly felt a gripping uneasy overcoming her.
Matthew agreed with her and called Jessica to come over so that there would be someone corresponding with him here.
Dolores didn’t get up, and she couldn’t get off the bed and walk. After Matthew had left, she picked up the phone and called Theresa.
Most people were soundly asleep at this moment, including Theresa. It was a busy day for her today, and she only made it home at eleven. She had gone to sleep after washing up.
However, she was awakened by the noise of her phone ringing.
She found her phone while still in a blur and pressed the receiver button.
“Theresa?”
Dolores called out lightly.
#####Chapter 756 You Look Good in This Suit
Hearing her familiar voice, Theresa rubbed her eyes. She squinted her eyes and looked at the time. It was three o’clock at midnight.
“Lola…”
“Um, did I wake you up?” Dolores said softly.
Dolores pondered for a moment and said, “Armand had a meal here last night. Boyce and Jasmine had got their marriage certificate. We were all quite happy, so we drank some wine. But, we didn’t know he didn’t get a chauffeur…”
“Did he have an accident?” Theresa instantly felt wide awake, “How is he now?”
“I’m not sure. It seems quite serious. Matthew and Boyce have gone over. I’m not feeling well so I didn’t go over. It’s better that you come back to visit him. He has no family members around him and Mrs. Bernie is his only relative and she is very old.”
“Okay,” Theresa said without hesitation.
“Then you also don’t be too rushed. We can handle the problem here.” Dolores reminded her as if she was afraid that something bad might happen if she was too anxious.
Theresa said that she knew.
After hanging up the call, Dolores couldn’t fall asleep.
She felt apprehensive as she was afraid that something bad might happen to Armand.
Later, Jessica came. Dolores asked her to sleep but she said that she couldn’t fall asleep after being awakened and she wanted to accompany her.
Jessica deliberately talked to her so that she wouldn’t think too much about the mishap.
Dolores said, “She has grown up.”
“Yes. I still remember the time when they were born. They were so small. In a blink of an eye, you have your third child.” Jessica lamented how quickly time passed.
Dolores smiled. Time flew and she had never thought that she would be like this.
She had her children around her. Her husband was not only good-looking but also rich.
As they were chatting, the time passed and it was very late already. Jessica fell asleep on the side of the bed. Dolores covered a thin blanket on her as she was afraid that she would catch a cold as the air conditioner in the room was turned on.
Theresa booked the earliest flight and it was Oscar who came to send her, “Why are you so urgent? It is early in the morning. You are so rush to go and didn’t even have your breakfast.”
Theresa didn’t bring anything and only carried a bag with her, “Armand had a car accident.”
Oscar said, “Oh, I see. Is he trying to deceive you for your sympathy and hope that you will be softhearted?”
Theresa shook his head, “I don’t think so. It was Lola who called me at midnight. I feel that she is also very worried and she doesn’t look like she is deceiving me.”
Oscar waved his hand, “I just simply said it but you take it very seriously. Go back to take care of him. I can settle the things here. No worries.”
Kevin had come to City C. He was in charge of the textile factory. The business of the clothing stores had become stable and there were producers and designers working in the store. The business wouldn’t be affected if a person was absent for a while.
Theresa said, “Thanks, Oscar.”
During these times which she spent with Oscar, she was very happy and she felt relaxed being with him.
Oscar waved her hand at him, “It’s almost time to board the plane. Faster go in.”
Theresa waved her hand at him.
Theresa arrived at City B nearly at noon.
She hurriedly rushed to the hospital. Armand had already been admitted to the ward. His face was pale and he was still in a coma.
Theresa stood in front of the hospital bed. She was still wondering if he did it on purpose. After all, there was nothing he won’t do.
But now it didn’t seem to be like that.
“What did the doctor say?” Theresa asked.
Boyce said, “Not sure. The doctor said that he has to examine his situation after he wakes up.”
Theresa nodded her head.
“Then you stay with him. I will go out first.” Boyce said.
“Boyce, you didn’t sleep all night right. Go back to rest. I will stay with him.” Theresa said.
Boyce said, “That’s fine. I’ll come over later to replace you to take care of him.”
Theresa replied to him, “Okay. Then, I may need your help for the following matter.”
Armand was the one who caused the accident, and he could claim from the insurance company for the fees to be paid to the victim. He needed to negotiate with the victim now.
Boyce said, “You don’t have to worry about this. I will settle this matter. He has a lot of lawyers in his firm. The victim also doesn’t dare to extort him.”
Theresa nodded her head.
Boyce closed the door when he left.
Theresa sat on a chair by the bed. She felt that Armand had lost a lot of weight after a short while.
They didn’t contact each other during these days.
She knew that Armand had not yet convinced Elizabeth.
He himself didn’t care but Elizabeth cared about his matter a lot.
He must feel upset to be in such a situation.
Theresa faintly sighed and got up to pour a glass of water for Armand to rub his lips. His lips were cracked as his lips stayed dry for a long time. His hair was messy and there were stains of blood that had not been wiped clean.
She reached out to hold his hand and whispered, “Armand, please wake up.”
He must not suffer from something bad for the sake of Elizabeth as well as Theresa.
Armand who was lying on the bed didn’t move.
It seemed like he was not waking up either.
Boyce didn’t sleep all night. He was having dark circles and he looked quite tired.
He returned to his residence and opened the door. He was used to being the only one at home.
Jasmine stood in the living room when she heard the commotion.
Boyce walked in and saw her standing door, “Didn’t you go to school today?”
“I have no class today.” Jasmine was dressed neatly, “I wanted to go to find you initially.”
Boyce said, “No need. Theresa is with him.”
“Have you had your lunch?” Jasmine asked.
“No,” Boyce said.
“I will go and cook something for you. Do you want to sleep for a while first?” Jasmine could see that he looked slightly tired.
Boyce said, “I still have to go to the police station. You cook something first. I will take a shower so that I will become fresh.”
Jasmine was upset seeing him being so tired.
“Can’t you take a leave to rest at home today?” Jasmine said.
Boyce said, “No, I still have to attend a meeting this afternoon.” He pulled his collar and undressed his shirt as he walked into the bathroom.
Jasmine looked at him and went to the kitchen to make something for him to eat.
Jasmine wasn’t sure if he was in a hurry to leave so she cooked some dumplings which she made last time and kept inside the freezer.
She peeled the garlic to make garlic paste and poured some balsamic vinegar into a bowl. After Boyce finished his shower, he wore a handsome uniform and looked elegant and valiant. His look in uniform was very charming. Jasmine looked like she was obsessed with his handsome look and she only regained her consciousness when Boyce walked over. She quickly said, “Wait outside. It’s almost ready.”
She put the bowls of garlic paste and balsamic vinegar on the table. Then, she took the dumplings out of the pot and put them on a plate before serving it.
Boyce pulled out the chair at the table, “Eat some too.”
Jasmine who sat at the opposite said, “You eat first. I’m not hungry yet.”
Boyce also didn’t eat breakfast. It was now noon and he was really hungry. He picked up a dumpling using a chopstick and ate it after putting the dumpling in the vinegar.
It was quite hot and he didn’t chew carefully before swallowing it.
Jasmine went to get a cup of water for him, “Eat slowly.”
Boyce said, “It’s so delicious.”
Jasmine looked at him while propping her chin in her palm. She asked him, “How is Armand’s injury?”
“It’s not life-threatening,” Boyce said.
Jasmine felt that a weight had been lifted off her mind, “That’s good. He didn’t suffer any physical injuries, right?”
She knew that a lot of people had suffered physical disabilities after having car accidents.
Boyce said, “No.”
Jasmine nodded her head.
After finishing the meal, Boyce drank some water and stood up while saying, “I’m leaving now.”
Jasmine walked over, “Wait a minute.”
Boyce stood still and looked at her.
Jasmine walked towards him and reached out to tidy up the collar of his uniform, “You look good in this suit.”  
“Am I only looking good in this suit?”
Jasmine smiled, “You always look good.”
Boyce stretched out his arm around her and hugged her while stroking her hair, “Bye.”
Jasmine nodded her head.
When Boyce arrived at the police station, he was called by the subordinates of Officer Miller.
He walked into the office of Officer Miller and saw that his desk had been emptied.
Boyce asked, “Officer Miller, why…”
#####Chapter 757 It’s All My Fault
Officer Miller put down the photo frame in his hand when he saw Boyce. He walked towards Boyce and said, “Come here and have a seat.”
He pulled Boyce to sit down on the sofa.
“I have retired.” Officer Miller said.
Boyce looked at him for a long time and remained silent.
It was because he knew that Officer Miller felt very sad to leave the job now. He loved his job and now he was retiring early so he must be feeling very upset.
“Officer Miller, in fact…”
Officer Miller waved his hand to indicate Boyce to stop his words. He had already made up his mind and there was nothing for him to regret.
“I have recommended you to replace my position, but the superiors will also need to examine the suitable people first. You should try to have a good performance.” Officer Miller looked around in the office, “I really feel a bit reluctant to leave here. It’s not that I feel reluctant to leave this position. It’s that I feel reluctant to leave this place. I really love this place after working for such a long time.
Boyce lowered his eyes and he didn’t know what words could he say to comfort him.
“Hey, let's talk about other things. Just forget all the unpleasant things before this. After all, I’m still your boss today.”
Officer Miller patted Boyce’s shoulder.
Boyce nodded his head, “I didn’t take it to heart.”
“I trust you. It’s all my fault to cause this accident.” Officer Miller looked regretful as he said in a melancholy tone.
Boyce didn’t say anything but just listen quietly.
“Well, you may continue your work first. I have finished packing up my things and am ready to go now.” Officer Miller stood up. Boyce also followed him to stand up, “I’ll see you off.”
Officer Miller smiled and said, “Good. I don’t regret to have you as my subordinate.”
Boyce went to see Officer Miller off and when they walked out of the police station, many colleagues had come over to greet Officer Miller. They said that they remembered him as their boss and felt sad about his early retirement.
When they were outside, Officer Miller asked them not to see him off and went back alone.
No matter what happened before, everyone felt sad and reluctant when Officer Miller left. They had affection towards him after being his subordinates for a long time.
Boyce stood at the door while seeing Officer Miller off. He felt very upset too.
“Now that Officer Miller had left, it’s time for Boyce to become the officer.” Someone said.
Boyce said, “Go to work.”
“Officer Shawn.” The person joked.
Boyce immediately turned angry, “Don’t talk nonsense!”
He thought that they should make such a joke as it was not good when someone heard it.
The person smiled.
When it was time for the meeting, the crowd dispersed. Those who needed to attend the meeting went to the conference room.
In the evening, Boyce went to bring Elizabeth to the hospital after he finished his work.
At that time, the doctor was doing a check-up, so Boyce didn’t push Mrs. Lady into the ward but waited outside.
Elizabeth didn’t believe it when she heard Boyce saying that Armand had a car accident. She thought that Armand had done it on purpose.
Because she couldn’t accept the fact that Theresa couldn’t have children.
Now that she came to the hospital. She became very uneasy as she was afraid that Armand really met a car accident.
After a while, the door of the examination room opened and Armand was pushed out, followed by Theresa. When Theresa saw that Boyce had brought Elizabeth over, she was stunned for a moment. Then, she regained her consciousness and followed the medical staff over.
Elizabeth was shaking unconsciously. She stared at the person who was lying on the bed being pushed over. Soon, she saw the face of the person lying on the hospital bed. It was her grandson, Armand.
“Armand…”
Boyce pushed Elizabeth who was agitated.
She grabbed Armand’s hand, “Armand, wake up please.”
“Don’t shake the patient’s hand.” The doctor stopped her behaviour, “The patient has injured his head and it is not appropriate to shake his body.”
She immediately withdrew her hand as she was afraid of causing another injury to Armand.
However, she was very scared that Armand’s injury was severe.
“Doctor, how is my grandson’s injury?” Elizabeth cried until her eyes turned red.
“It’s not life-threatening, but I’m not sure when he’ll wake up.” The doctor said.
‘The doctor is not sure when he’ll wake up?’
Elizabeth was so anxious that he said in an incoherent tone, “He…he would wake up, right?”
She thought that many people weren’t able to wake up again and stayed in a vegetative state after having an accident.
As she thought about it, she became panicked and her face turned pale.
The doctor pushed his spectacles on his nose and said with a very unnatural expression, “It depends.”
Elizabeth’s body swayed and she almost fainted.
Boyce immediately held her, “But the doctor said that it is still hopeful that he will wake up.”
Elizabeth wiped the tears off her face and said remorsefully, “It’s all my fault. It’s my fault.”
In the past few days, they quarelled whenever they met and argued with each other. They didn’t have a proper talk. She knew that Armand liked Theresa and still disagreed with their relationship.
She thought that he must have been in a bad mood to drink and drive and this caused the car accident.
“Armand. I’m wrong. Wake up quickly.” Elizabeth cried on the side of the bed.
Theresa looked at Boyce and whispered, “Why did you bring Mrs. Bernie here?”
Boyce said, “We can’t hide this from her. She will need to know it one day.”
“It is better to send the patient to the ward first.” The doctor said as he thought that they were blocking the way there.
Armand was resent to the ward and Elizabeth followed them.
She felt heartbroken watching her grandson in an unconscious state and having a pale look.
He held his hand and cried again.
“Armand, wake up, please. Why are you letting me so afraid of losing you when I am already so old?” Elizabeth was so anxious that she didn’t look like how she would be usually. It was really a blow to her seeing Armand’s current situation.
Theresa poured a glass of water for Elizabeth, “Drink some water.”
Elizabeth lifted her head and looked at Theresa.
#####Chapter 758 One is Bound for Good Fortune after Surviving a Great Disaster
Theresa pursed her lips, “I will take care of Armand, don’t be too sad about it.”
Elizabeth’s eyes got even redder. She felt sorry when she faced this girl.
She grabbed Theresa’s hand and lower her head without saying a word.
Theresa’s expression was calm, but deep inside her heart was trembling.
“Don’t be mad at me, okay?” Elizabeth was talking in a begging tone.
Theresa said “okay”. She was not answering with anger, nor it was a well-thought-out answer. It was because she was moved when she saw the tears of the old lady. Hence, she could not say any harsh words to her.
She still said ‘okay’ although she was deeply hurt before.
Elizabeth wiped her tears, “I’m not sure if the medical treatment abroad is good enough. Should we transfer Armand to another hospital?”
Elizabeth was worried that the doctor would misdiagnose his condition. In fact, she had a fluke in her heart, hoping that it was a misdiagnosis and that Armand would soon wake up.
Theresa knew what Elizabeth was worried about, “But the doctor said Armand can’t move because he hurt his head.”
Elizabeth nodded. She knew injuries on the head could be very serious.
“Then what can we do?” Elizabeth felt very helpless. She wanted to help, but she didn’t know what she could do, so she was very anxious but couldn’t do anything.
Theresa comforted her, “The doctor said there is a good chance of him waking up, let’s wait a little longer.”
“Really?” Elizabeth clutched Theresa’s hand as if she was a lifesaver.
Theresa replied with certainty, “Yes.”
She turned her head to look at the bed. The person on the bed did not have any trace of movement, as if he was deeply asleep, even when Elizabeth was crying loudly and seemed so worried, he still did not move at all.
Theresa was not sure too, and she also didn’t know when he would wake up.
She didn’t think too much. She just didn’t want Armand to be caught in the middle again, “If he can wake up sooner, I am willing… I’m willing to let him find others.”
She crossed her bottom line. She would have been unable to accept someone to bear her child, even if it was just borrowing someone else belly, she was still unwilling to accept it.
In her opinion, she would have preferred adoption.
Elizabeth froze for quite some time. She seemed shocked and didn’t understand what she meant. She grabbed Theresa’s hand and trembled constantly. After a long time, she said, “Thank you, thank you.”
Even though things had already gone into this kind of situation, Elizabeth was still thinking that the Bernie family must have their own heirs.
It could be seen that how important it is to her whether the Bernie family could have an heir.
Boyce had been standing outside for a while, and he heard all of their conversations. He let out a deep breath.
He came in, “Theresa, you take Elizabeth to eat something. You should eat something too. I will stay here and look after him.”
Theresa said, “You can take her to eat and I’ll stay here.”
“You’d better go and eat something, you have to keep watch at night. You’ll be too tired then. Listen to me, you should go take some rest and eat something. You can come back later.” Boyce pulled her.
Theresa could only agree and said, “Then what do you want to ear, I’ll bring you some.”
“I’ll go back and eat.” Boyce thought that Jasmine would be at home. 
Theresa said, “Okay.”
She pushed Elizabeth out and Boyse watched them walked away. He closed the door and walked to the hospital bed. He touched Armand with his hand, “Stop pretending, they are gone.”
He really admired Armand’s weird thoughts. He was already deeply injured but he still could come out with such ideas. 
That night, he and Matthew waited here. He was already out of danger when he came out of the operating room.
Armand frowned, “You hurt me.”
He was really injured, and his injuries were quite serious, but his condition was not life-threatening nor comatose.
This was all his plan. He wanted Theresa and Elizabeth to give in.
Unexpectedly, Theresa gave in first.
He sighed in his heart and decided to treat Theresa better.
Boyce pulled out a chair and sat down, “Mind your attitude.”
Armand smiled, “Theresa is more soft-hearted. Unlike the old lady of my family, her heart is as hard as a stone. She didn’t give in even though I’m already seriously injured.”
Boyce poked him in the wound, “Stop pretending to be innocent after you’ve gained an advantage.”
“Ouch! Ouch! Oh, shit, I’m really in pain.” Armand’s eyebrows twisted together and he screamed in pain.
Boyce showed some mercy and asked him. “When do you plan to wake up? Your goal has been achieved.”
Armand said as he thought, “For the sake of reality, I can’t wake up so quickly. Otherwise, they will find out that I was pretending, so I must wait for another two or three days.”
Boyce looked at him, “You rascal, how can you think of such ideas?”
“I am smart. Can you understand what ‘smart’ is?” Now, Armand was very proud of himself, he would not have to suffer from being caught in the middle again. Plus, he also won his girl back.
“I’m telling Theresa and Elizabeth now. Let’s see if you can continue to be smug or not.” Boyce pretended to leave.
Armand grabbed him, “Don’t go, don’t go. I was wrong.”
“By the way, you have to treat me with a dinner and Lafite from the year 1982 when you recovered.” Boyce still remembered that Armand took advantage of him before. Now, he had to revenge when he had the opportunity.
Armand said, “Okay, I’ll treat you two bottles of Lafite.”
Spending a little money to solve a major problem was not a big deal to Armand.
Boyce hummed, “Does this indicates that one is bound for good fortune after surviving a great disaster?”
Armand said without modesty, “It should be.”
“Mind your attitude.” Boyce could not stand Armand’s puffed-up appearance.
Boyce put on a serious attitude and said, “By the way, your driving license has to be suspended and you need to compensate 12, 000 dollars.”
The other party was also injured. The car was sent to the repair shop, the fees must be paid by Armand. The reason was Armand drank and drove, so the insurance company would not pay the money.
Armand said, “I know. Those are small matters.”
He even solved the most difficult problems already.
Who would still care about these little things?
It was not even considered as a matter to him.
Boyce asked, “What do you want to eat…”
Squeak…
Right at this moment, the door of the room opened.
#####Chapter 759 Keep Pretending
Boyce stopped talking in time, but Theresa who came in still heard it. She looked at the room and saw no one else. She asked, “Who are you talking to?”
“I… Did I talk?” Boyce pretended to be calm.
Theresa nodded with certainty, “You did talk. You said ‘what do you want to eat. You are hungry?”
“No, you must have heard wrongly.” Boyce touched his nose and denied it. Theresa felt strange. She did not have a hearing hallucination, so Boyce was really talking.
She looked at Armand on the bed. He was still in a coma.
“Why are you back so soon? Have you eaten?” Boyce looked at the time. It was only ten minutes since she left. Obviously, it was not enough time for her to eat.
Theresa had actually arrived at the restaurant, but she forgot to take her phone and wallet, so she came back to get her things. Elizabeth was still there and not willing to eat. Hence, she needed to go back and persuade her again.
“No.” Theresa picked up her phone and wallet from the table and showed them to Boyce, “I got to the restaurant before I realized that I didn’t have any money to pay.”
Boyce understood, “Go back quickly then. I’ll stay here and watch.”
Theresa nodded. She was still puzzled. She took a look at the bad and saw Armand still in a coma. She could not figure out what had happened. Boyce was clearly talking just now.
“Boyce, what do you want to eat? I’ll buy some food for you, okay?” asked Theresa.
Boyce said, “I really don’t need to eat, I have someone at home.”
Theresa laughed, “I forgot. You’re now a person with a family. I didn’t see you before this, so I’ll now say a belated blessing to you. Boyce, happy wedding!”
Boyce said, “Thank you.”
Theresa asked for the last time, “I will leave if you really don’t want to eat.” Boyce answered that he really didn’t want to eat. After Theresa left, Boyce took a long breath.
This time, he watched till Theresa had walked far enough, only then he touched Armand, “She’s gone. Did she suspect anything just now?”
Armand opened his eyes, "What's wrong with you? Can't you even fool a woman?"
Boyce was speechless.
How could he blame him?
“Armand, you rascal. Is your conscience being fed to the dogs? I’m going to tell Mrs. Bernie and Theresa that you’re faking it right now. I let you die here and no one will care about you.”
“Hey, I was just too anxious.” Armand became a coward instantly. He was really afraid that Boyce would really reveal his lies. By then, things would be irreversible.
Boyce hummed and sat on the chair. He said, “You should be careful too. If you cheat them for a long time, once they find out, you’ll be in big trouble. Hence, you better stop when your goal is achieved.”
Armand said, “I know, I will take care of it. Can you pour me a glass of water? I’m thirsty.”
Boyce got up and poured some water for him. He asked, “Do you want to eat something?”
Armand said, “I’m not hungry.”
Boyce nodded and helped him up. He handed him the water.
Armand shook his head, “I can’t move my hands. Please feed me.”
Boyce was speechless.
Then, he said, “Stop pretending.”
“Really.” Armand didn’t want to move at all although he could. He felt pain all over his body when he moved.
Boyce handed the glass to his mouth, “I’ll choke you to death.”
Armand tilted his head and looked at him, “How can you be so cruel? What good will it do you if I die?”
“I feel more peaceful,” Boyce said coldly. “Drink quickly and lie down. If not, you’ll be seen.”
“I won’t. No one is coming at this time of the day.”
Boyce deliberately let go of his hand. Armand’s back lost his support, so he fell back into bed again. It touched his wounds and made him moaned in pain, “Boyce! You rascal! You want to torture me to death?”
Boyce put down the glass, “I would like to.”
“Go away. Hurry up and go.” Armand looked very painful.
Boyce laughed, “Does it really hurts?”
Armand glared at him, “What do you think?”
Boyce converged his smile, “I’m relieved if you feel pain.”
Armand was speechless.
Who the hell was he?
Was he still his best friend?
Why was he so cruel?
So hard-hearted.
Boyce said slowly and methodically, “You cheated Theresa and Mrs. Bernie. I must revenge for them, mustn’t I?”
Armand was speechless again.
“Which side are you on?”
“I’m on the weak side.”
Armand was speechless.
“Aren’t I the weak one?”
Boyce let out a laugh, “You’re the weak one? Are you sure you’re not the originator?”
Armand didn’t say a word.
He had nothing to say.
Boyce stop talking nonsense with him and told him to get some rest.
He sat aside quietly. After a while, his phone rang. It was a call from Jasmine. She told him that she had brought some food over for him.
She asked him which ward he was in.
Then, Boyce told her the ward number. 
“Who’s coming?” Armand asked.
“Jasmine,” Boyce said.
“Oh, it’s her.” Armand thought that Theresa and Elizabeth were back.
Boyce overlapped his legs and looked at him, “Who is she?”
Armand blinked and said, “She is Jasmine, your wife.”
“What else?” Boyce had a serious face now.
Armand noticed that he was unhappy now.
He cleared his throat and said, “Was I wrong? Isn’t she your wife?”
“Keep pretending.” Boyce said calmly, “Wait and see, I will tell Theresa how to address her.”
Armand was speechless.
Boyce was obviously threatening him.
‘Is he still human?’ thought Armand.
He was already injured and Boyce was still bullying him.
Next time, when he had the chance to drink and drive again, he would take Boyce in the car and give him a taste of injury! Humph!
Right at this moment, the door was gently pushed open, and Jasmine came in with a food container.
#####Chapter 760 Cannot Say Out the Pain
Boyce walked over, and asked softly, “Why did you come here?” 
Jasmine said, “I came to see Armand, and I brought some food. You haven’t eaten, right?”
Boyce nodded, “I think I will just eat later after I go back.”
“I brought yours.” Jasmine walked in.
Armand clicked his tongue, “Little sister-in-law, did you come to see the wounded me, or your Boyce? If you guys want to display affection, then go home. Don’t do it in front of me; don’t you guys have some conscience?”
Before, Armand used the alias little sister-in-law to call Dolores Flores, and now it’s being used on Jasmine.
Jasmine was younger than Theresa.
She was also younger than him.  
Yet, he still called her like that.
‘Ay…’
Armand was suffering from the inside.
Jasmine blushed, and lowered her head to put the food container on the table, “I came to see the wounded, so of course the wounded has his portion.”
Armand laughed, “What delicious food did you bring?”
Jasmine glanced at him; he looked energetic, but his face didn’t seem good, “Boyce said that you are fine, and it seems that you are really okay.”
“Of course I am. I have magical protection; no one can hurt me.” Armand looked into the food container.
Boyce silently stretched his hand and poked his wound. He could not tolerate how he was feeling tough, and even magical protection? Why not said that he had supernatural power?
‘Ah——’
Armand painfully groaned, “Damn you, Boyce!”
Boyce laughed, “Don’t you have magical protection? You can feel the pain?”
Armand was silent.
Jasmine couldn’t help but laugh; they were so much fun.
“I’m too lazy to heed about you.” Armand extended his head out and saw that Jasmine had brought food, suddenly, his appetite came; the aroma smelled delicious.
“Little sister-in-law, what’s that fragrant soup?”
Being called little sister-in-law, Jasmine felt unnatural, and lowered her head, “Cow bone soup.”
“Give me a bowl of it,” Armand said.
Jasmine said, “This is all for you.”
Armand laughed, “Luckily, little sister-in-law has some conscience; unlike others that don’t have.”
“Who are you talking about?” Jasmine asked.
Armand quickly withdrew his words, “I mean Matthew Nelson; he doesn’t even come to see me.”
‘They are a couple; After saying bad things about her husband in front of her, can the soup still be drunk?’
Jasmine poured the soup, and asked him, “Can you get up?”
Armand tried to sit up. At this moment, Theresa pushed Elizabeth back. Armand immediately lay back and closed his eyes as well.
Jasmine was stupefied, ‘What’s going on?’
“You have come.” Theresa saw Jasmine and greeted her.
“Yeah, I brought some food to visit…”
“She was afraid that I might be hungry, so she brought food for me.” Boyce held up Jasmine’s hand intimately. 
Jasmine raised her head and looked at him, seemingly understood what he meant.
‘Is Armand pretending to be unconscious now?’
She blinked her eyes, and answered in cooperation, “He didn’t eat much at noon. I’m afraid that he’ll be hungry, so I brought some food and incidentally come to see Armand.”
Elizabeth didn’t pay much attention to Jasmine in light of Armand’s matters. If it was during the usual days, she would definitely talk a lot with her; at this moment, she only asked Boyce who she was.
They had now gotten their marriage certificate, and it’s legitimate, so there’s nothing to hide about. He honestly said that Jasmine was his wife.
Elizabeth looked Jasmine up and down, and said, “She is very young and beautiful. Boyce, you have to be good to her, and don’t be like Armand doing stupid things.”
Boyce said, “I know.”
Lying on the bed, Armand got pain in his heart, ‘Don’t tell to other people of the old foolish things I had done, or how could I face others?’ 
“Boyce, don’t let the soup get cold,” Theresa advised.
Jasmine said, “Have you guys eaten? I brought a lot; you guys can also have some.”
Theresa said, “No need, we had just eaten.” Ordering some food, she and Elizabeth didn’t eat a lot, as they didn’t have much appetite.
Boyce sat by the side of the bed, and said, “I will drink the soup.”
Well, he couldn’t let Theresa suspect that this soup was for Armand.
Jasmine Burke had spent three hours slowly cooking the soup. The soup was milky white without oil on it, and it was all the fragrance of the bone marrow.
There weren’t many seasonings on it, but the soup was very fresh and creamy.
Boyce knew that Armand had an appetite, so intentionally teased him. He held the soup above his nose and even said that the soup was so fragrant.
Armand was quiet.  
Jasmine stood by the side; she knew that Armand was pretending to be unconscious. Seeing Boyce’s actions, she held her laughter. She patted his shoulder to not tease Armand anymore as he looked pitiful.
Boyce said in seriousness, “Ever since he has been unconscious, he has not eaten anything. I let him smell the fragrant aroma, and maybe the smell can wake him up.”
Armand was still quiet.  
He was screaming in his heart, ‘Damn you!’
Theresa looked at Armand’s lying position and had some suspicions.
He was not lying like this when she came in before, and his hand wasn’t put outside.
‘Could it be that Boyce moved him?’
“Boyce, when you go back later, bring Mrs. Bernie with you as well. There isn’t a place to rest here at night.” Theresa said.
Boyce said, “Okay.”
Elizabeth was unwilling, “I’ll not going; I have to watch him.” She grabbed Armand’s hand and touched his wounds. Armand was in pain, but he had to pretend to be unconscious.
It was too difficult for him.
That kind of pain couldn’t be said out.
It was not that he couldn’t say it; it’s that he shouldn’t say it.
#####Chapter 761 Like to Imagine Things at a Young Age
After Boyce Shawn drank the bowl of soup, he said, “Mrs. Bernie, I’ll bring you back.”
Elizabeth wouldn’t agree to anything and insisted on staying here. She said that if Armand Bernie wouldn’t wake up in a day, she would also stay here for a day.
Boyce persuaded, “You can’t help things around here, and there is no place to rest. Theresa Gordon has to take care of Armand. Your legs are still not well, and she still has to take care of you; this would make her tired. I’ll take you back to the hospital.”
Elizabeth said, “I will not be going back to the hospital. I’m already well, and I don’t need treatment anymore.”
“Then, I will go do the discharge paperwork. You stay at home tonight. There is no place to stay here.” Boyce said.
Elizabeth didn’t want to leave. Her grandson was unconscious, and she couldn’t sleep well.
“I want to stay here. If he wakes up, I can know it at once.” Elizabeth looked at her grandson and sighed; she had lost quite some energy.
Theresa said, “When he wakes up, I will inform at once.”
Elizabeth looked at Theresa and finally agreed to it. Her legs were inconvenient here and could only trouble Theresa to take care of her. She couldn’t help much.
She enjoined, “If he wakes up, you must notify me at once.”
Theresa said, “I will.”
Boyce pushed Elizabeth, while Jasmine Burke packed the food container. 
She didn’t forget to glance at the bed.
She thought to herself that Armand’s concentration was really good, as he could pretend to be like that.
“We will be going already,” Jasmine said to Theresa.
Theresa escorted them to the door.
Boyce put Elizabeth into the car to send her back to the room in the hospital.
Elizabeth said, “Boyce, I have to trouble you with something.”
Boyce placed her well, and let Jasmine take care of her and said, “You say what it is about.” 
“I will be discharged from the hospital tomorrow, so can you help me find a helper.”
The helper at home had left already, and she didn't like the caretaker at the hospital. Her legs were inconvenient, and she could not take care of Armand Bernie, but also, she could not trouble Theresa Gordon.
Boyce said okay, “After the discharging procedures, I will take you to find one, and you choose for yourself.”
Elizabeth said, “Thank you.”
“No need to. With my relation with Armand, you are also my grandmother.” Boyce sat on the driver’s seat and started the car leaving the hospital and going to another hospital.
After sending Elizabeth back, Boyce said, “You rest well. The doctor said Armand has a great chance of waking up, so you don’t need to worry much.”
Elizabeth nodded, “My only wish now is for Armand to wake up quickly.”
Boyce comfortingly said, “He will.”
After dealing with Elizabeth’s matter, He then left with Jasmine.
Jasmine had been holding it; now, there was no one around, she was not afraid that someone would hear about it, and asked, "Why did Armand pretend to be unconscious?"
Boyce didn’t hide it from her and said the situation of Armand. Stuck between two women and had no choice, he then made this move.
“Why can’t Mrs. Bernie accept Theresa?” However, she saw that Elizabeth also liked Theresa.
Boyce looked at her, pursed his lips and got on the car. Jasmine sat on the co-driver seat, and turned to look at him, “You can’t say?”
“No.”
Boyce thought for a while and felt that Jasmine wasn’t an outsider, so he told her about Theresa’s infertility.
Jasmine couldn’t believe it. She widely opened her eyes, “The medical technology nowadays is very advanced. Many infertile women can be treated well.”
Boyce started to drive the car, and said, “Things are not as simple as you think.”
“Then you tell me what’s going on. If you don’t say, I won’t know. I am now your wife, so don’t conceal it from me.” Jasmine leaned her head and rested on his shoulder.
Boyce thought for a while, and said, “She had suffered a serious injury before. At that time, she was already pregnant, and it was Armand’s child. Because of her injury, the child was gone, and it also made her impossible to be pregnant. This cannot be treated by a doctor.”
“She got hurt because of Armand?” Jasmine probably guessed it.
Elizabeth had said that Armand was confused and made mistakes, so she guessed it had something to do with Armand.
Boyce said yes.
“Then Mrs. Bernie should have accepted Theresa. For her to become like that, isn’t it Armand’s fault?” Jasmine felt that Elizabeth was being unfair to Theresa.
‘Why? Clearly, Theresa is the one who got injured, and she has to undertake everything?’
“Mrs. Bernie’s thinking is old-fashioned, and Armand is the only child of the Bernie family. She can’t accept the end of their bloodline…”
‘So, they can hurt people like that?’
Jasmine felt that Elizabeth hurt Theresa. A woman who couldn’t have kids, for sure she would be very sad, yet Elizabeth was still like that, so how much sadness could she have?
Jasmine sat straight, and asked, “Will you be like that as well?”
Boyce didn’t see it coming, and asked, “What?”
“Do you like to have kids?” Jasmine asked.
Boyce then understood now, reached out and put her in his arms, “You like to imagine things at a young age.”
Jasmine was rubbing her hair on his ear, “Say, if I can’t have children, will you abandon me?”
“That’s the thinking of old people. Armand can accept having no children, and I can accept it as well; if it doesn’t work, we can adopt. If you don’t like it, we can forever live as two people.”
“What if I like kids?” Jasmine raised her head; she liked kids. If she had a child, she would raise her child by her side. Loving her child for a lifetime, she wouldn’t let her child be hurt at all.
Boyce said, “Then we will have kids.”
Jasmine smilingly asked, “When will we have kids?”
#####Chapter 762 I’m Nervous Too
The topic of conversation was too flirtatious. Boyce's face froze. He tightened his arms around her and said, "When you graduate."
Jasmine kissed him on the face and said, "How old would you be when I graduate? And it's not like we’ll get a child when we want one. What if we delay for a year or two and the pregnancy accounts to another year, won’t you already be old when we’ve finally had a child?"
Boyce glanced at her and said, "Nonsense, old is for men in his 70s and 80s. Even if we’ve delayed for so long, how can I be considered old before I even hit 40?"
Jasmine smiled and pinched his chin. "I didn’t know you still like being young. You’ve made such a detailed plan."
Boyce told her not to touch him. "I'm driving."
Jasmine sat docilely.
Boyce said, "It's not that I like to care. It's that you're too young for me to be old."
Jasmine inexplicably thought it was funny.
She thought he was cute.
"You’re not old." He was just manly.
When one became steady and composed, he looked mature and had a sense of age.
Jasmine sat quietly. Before long, the car drove to their community. Boyce parked the car in the underground garage. They took an elevator from the garage to the living floor.
Boyce opened the door. After entering the house, Jasmine took the lunch box to the kitchen. There was a bowl of unfinished soup in it. Jasmine said, "There’s still some soup left here. Eat it, or it will be wasted."
Boyce came over and said, "You don’t want to eat?"
Jasmine shook her head decisively. "It's too late. It’s easy to get fat when you eat at night."
Boyce looked at her up and down. "You're not fat, it’s okay if you're fat."
"No, I don't want to get fat." Girls nowadays disliked getting plump. What's more, she just got married. She wanted to keep a good figure, not for anything else, just to make herself pleasant for her husband to see.
Boyce ate the bowl of soup and handed it to her. "I'm taking a bath."
He had sweated outside.
Jasmine said, "Go on, I'll wash the dishes."
Boyce took a deep look at her and said nothing in the end.
He left, took his clothes and went to the bathroom.
Jasmine put the lunch box into the sink, turned on the faucet, squeezed some detergent on the dishwashing cloth, washed the lunch box and cleaned it up. She went out of the kitchen. Boyce hadn't finished taking a bath yet. The clothes on the balcony had gone dry and were not yet taken down.
She took down the clothes rack and clothes.
Holding the clothes, she was about to fold them on the sofa in the living room. Her waist was suddenly seized by a strong arm. When she looked back, she noticed it was Boyce.
He had just taken a bath. He had a faint fragrance of shower gel and it smelled good. His hair was still wet. He didn't use a hairdryer after taking the bath and only used a dry towel to dry his hair.
Jasmine held her breath and her back was pressed tightly against his chest. She couldn't help swallowing. "I, I'm going to fold the clothes."
Boyce took the clothes off her hand, put them on the table beside casually, and stretched out his hand to raise her chin.
Jasmine raised her head and met his eyes. There was burning lust in his eyes. Her body became hot too when she came too close to him.
Her beautiful eyes were shining like stars. She put her hand around his neck and tiptoed to kiss him. However, Boyce suddenly tightened his arms and kissed her from above.
She wanted to respond, but he was too strong and was holding her too tightly, so she had to let him be the active one.
His kiss was too overbearing. Jasmine felt pain and her lips were almost numb. She involuntarily wanted to step back. She accidentally touched a pot of green plants on the balcony and made a sound.
Boyce's action stopped for a moment. Jasmine held him and kissed him again. Her body was against the glass door on the balcony. The curtain was not pulled and the light was on. She panted and said, "Shall we go into the room?"
Boyce's eyes were deep. He bent over to carry her up, walked into the bedroom and gently put her on the bed.
Their shirts had already gone disheveled.
Jasmine bit her lip. "I haven't taken a bath yet."
"You don’t have to." Boyce grabbed the corner of her clothes and rolled them up. Jasmine arched her body slightly to cooperate with him, and soon the clothes were taken off her body.
Jasmine asked, "Will you be nice to me?"
Boyce agreed, his voice was a little hoarse.
Jasmine took his hand, put it on her pants button, looked at him and said, "I believe you."
Boyce went above her and gazed at her for a long time. He stooped, kissed her lips, and said gently, "I will be very gentle."
Jasmine nervously grabbed the quilt under her and nodded hard.
Boyce unbuttoned her pants. Jasmine's legs were very pale and slim. Although she was petite, she had good body proportion.
She curled up slightly. It was her first time doing it, and she couldn’t help but stiffening her body. Her face was slightly flushed.
She bit her lower lip. "Please...please be gentle, it... it’s my first time."
Boyce kept a straight face and straightened his neck. It was his first time too.
He gently kissed her neck and chin, not hurrying to do anything. He tried to restrain his lust to let her adapt to it first.
Slowly, Jasmine's body relaxed. She panted softly and felt very embarrassed. She bit her lip hard to restrain from letting a sound.
Boyce let her relax.
"I'm not... nervous," Jasmine said.
Boyce kissed her forehead. It was cold in the room, but there was fine sweat on her forehead.
Boyce held her, stroked her hair and whispered, "I'm nervous too."
#####Chapter 763 Bright-Coloured Clothes Make Me Look Young
Jasmine wanted to say that he was lying. ‘You're a man, what are you nervous about?’ However, she then saw the veins bulging in his neck.
He had taken a bath, but he was still sweating.
Boyce touched her cheek. "I'm afraid to scare you."
Jasmine looked at him. He was looking cautious. He was obviously eager to do so, but he still restrained himself from doing so. Her heart melted and she took the initiative to hug him. "I'm not afraid of you at all."
She approached his ear and said softly, "I'm already yours..."
When they were ready and the atmosphere was just right, they were stunned when they were going to become real husband and wife.
Jasmine glanced at what was under her, suddenly got up from bed and ran to the bathroom.
Boyce looked at the blood on the bed and couldn’t react for a long time.
After a while, he slowly calmed down. Although the agitation in his body did not disappear, his mind was much clearer.
After a while, Jasmine came out in her clothes. She lowered her head and grabbed the hem with both hands. "I'm sorry, my period usually doesn’t come at this time. I don't know why it will advance this month..."
Boyce sat by the bed, tidied up his bathrobe and said, "It's all right. It's not your fault."
Seeing Boyce upset, she felt very guilty. She came over and said, "I'll clean up the bed."
Boyce said, "No, sit down and I'll get it."
Although Boyce was unwilling, he can't help it. He couldn’t possibly have sex with her when she was on period, right?
Jasmine stood aside, looked down and secretly blamed her period for coming at such a bad timing.
The atmosphere today was excellent, yet it was destroyed by this unwelcomed event.
She bit her lip and snatched the sheet from Boyce's hand. "You're all thumbs. I'll get it."
She lifted the bloody sheets off the bed deftly, threw them into the dirty clothes basket and put on clean sheets and quilts.
She put the sheets into the washing machine to wash and let Boyce sleep.
She then went to the living room and folded the clothes once again.
She sat on the sofa and folded the clothes neatly one by one. Her mind drifted as she stared at the pile of clothes on the table.
Boyce sat on the sofa, hugged her and said, "You don’t have to mind that, we still have a lot of time."
Jasmine looked down, she still secretly blamed herself.
She felt sorry for him.
It was better not to start, everything had initially turned out that smoothly…
Boyce pinched her cheek. "Well, it's getting late. Let's go to bed."
Jasmine turned to look at him. "Can you still fall asleep?"
Boyce coughed softly. "I just drank a bottle of ice water. I'm sleepy now."
Jasmine pouted. "But I can't sleep."
Boyce scraped her nose. "Still can’t forgive yourself?"
Jasmine nodded hard. "I just can't forgive myself. My period was very punctual before, if not, occasionally, it’ll delay. But this time it’s ahead of schedule, fate’s playing game with me."
Boyce carried her up. "Alright, don't think about it anymore, let’s sleep."
He put her on the bed and hugged her. "It's late."
Jasmine turned over, nestled in his arms and closed her eyes. She could calm down in his arms. Although she still couldn't get through what happened today, she was a lot calmer.
Jasmine only fell asleep until very late. Boyce fell asleep earlier. He woke up first in the morning. When he woke up, Jasmine was sleeping soundly. He didn't wake her up, but got up gently.
He hung up the sheets washed last night. Being single for so long, he can do a lot of things well, except cooking.
He went to buy breakfast and came back. He passed by the supermarket and went in to buy a bag of brown sugar.
After returning, Jasmine was still sleeping without any sign of waking up. Boyce put the breakfast on the table, the brown sugar too. He boiled a pot of water and poured it into a thermos. Jasmine still showed no signs of waking up after he had finished everything.
He dressed up and went out with his car key.
Today, he was busy in the station. He could only deal with the old lady's affairs after getting off work.
Since Officer Miller resigned, the affairs in the station were temporarily managed by Boyce. There was a lot of work handed in by Officer Miller. Now he had to deal with all of it until the superior assigns someone to take over the position.
At the hospital…
To ease herself in taking care of Armand, instead of asking for another bed, Theresa sat on the chair beside the bed to rest.
Because she had got up many times at night to check Armand's situation, she didn't wake up until more than eight o'clock. It was when the doctor came into the ward and she heard the sound of the door opening that she woke up.
Theresa went to the bathroom to clean her face. The doctor checked Armand's injury and said he still needs to stay in bed for a while. He can't get down from the bed and walk for a week.
Theresa came out and asked, "When can he wake up?"
The doctor coughed slightly, glanced at the man lying in bed and said, "I can’t be sure. You should talk to him more, maybe you can help him regain his consciousness."
The doctor actually wanted to say, she should talk to him more to see if she could let him regain his conscience and stop torturing those who love him.
Theresa said she got it.
"Take good care of him. You can look for me at the nurse's desk whenever anything happens," the doctor said.
Theresa nodded and sent the doctor away. She went back to the ward, sat on a chair and looked at him quietly.
She opened his mouth gently. Not knowing whether it was because she had just woken up or because she was sad, her voice was very hoarse. "Armand, I won't make things difficult for you anymore, when will you wake up? Grandma is too old to stand this. Please wake up."
Armand didn't want Theresa to be sad, but it would look awkward if he suddenly woke up. He can only continue pretending to be unconscious, he couldn’t make his plan fail at once.
He must take this opportunity to solve the matter thoroughly.
They must know that life is very fragile. If they don't cherish him, he may really pass out like that one day.
In the face of life and death, how insignificant would their previous conflicts be?
Armand didn't show any sign of waking up. Theresa was inevitably disappointed. She rubbed her face to cheer herself up and was ready to fetch some water to clean Armand's face and hands.
Just then, the mobile phone on the table rang. She picked it up and it displayed Oscar's number.
She pressed the answer button and put the phone near her ear. "Hey, Oscar."
Oscar said, "There's nothing important, I just want to ask how Armand's situation is now."
Theresa glimpsed down at him. "He’s still in a coma, I don't know when he can wake up."
"I suppose you didn’t rest and eat well?" Oscar said with concern. "I can hear you sounding much weaker. Don't worry too much about Armand until you fall sick. You can't mistreat yourself because of men at any time, you hear me?"
Theresa went to the window, looked outside and said, "I get it."
"Tell me the hospital’s address and I'll order a meal for you," Oscar said.
Theresa smiled. "You must be joking, Oscar. You're in City C..."
"As long as I'm on earth, I can order meals for you with just a phone call. It’s not as complicated as you think."
Theresa smiled. "When can you be a little bit more serious?"
Armand secretly opened his eyes, turned and saw Theresa standing in front of the window. Although he couldn't see her face, he could feel that her conversation with Oscar was very casual, and her mood was lifted a lot.
"I've always been serious, it’s you who think I'm not serious, just because I like to wear bright-coloured clothes. But bright-coloured clothes make me look young."
"..."
Why would bright-coloured clothes make one look young?
#####Chapter 764 He could be an Actor Now
"Only old people like bright-coloured clothes. They think it’s attractive."
"Stop laughing at my fashion sense again!" Oscar roared from the other end of the phone.
Theresa's words obviously annoyed him.
Theresa smiled. "Alright, I’ll stop, okay?"
"That’s more like it. Hurry up and give me the address." Oscar was actually not angry at all, he just wanted to enliven the atmosphere and tease Theresa. He knew that she was in a bad mood to take care of Armand here and he wanted to make her a little bit happier.
Theresa said the address again.
Oscar replied okay. They said goodbye and hung up.
Theresa turned around, and Armand closed his eyes again. He was a little flustered.
Sometimes, instinct was not only for women but also for men. Armand sensed crisis.
It was not that he didn't believe Theresa, he was afraid that she would fall in love with someone else over time.
In City C, she always stayed with Oscar. She will certainly develop feelings for him, even if it is not between men and women. This is human nature.
Theresa went to fetch water and came back to wipe Armand's face and hands.
Armand deliberately moved his fingers. He can't pretend it anymore. What if he scares Theresa away?
Wouldn't he lose more than gain?
Theresa realized his finger moved and called him emotionally, "Armand, Armand."
Armand didn't respond. Theresa thought she was hallucinating. She carefully observed his fingers. After a while, he moved again and had deliberately enlarged his movements.
This time Theresa made sure she saw it and she hurried to call the doctor.
The doctor came over and pretended to check. Seeing Armand could wake up at any time he wants and even look real, he secretly complained that it was a pity for Armand not to be an actor.
Yet since he was bribed by him, he could only cooperate with the acting.
Theresa stood aside and asked nervously, "Is he about to wake up?"
Armand secretly jerked the doctor's sleeve. The doctor immediately said, "The patient is likely to wake up. His movement proves that he is conscious."
Theresa nodded and asked, "When can he wake up?"
The doctor thought for a moment. "Anytime."
Theresa nodded with a sigh of relief.
"Call me if there’s anything," the doctor said.
Theresa said, "Okay, thank you."
The doctor felt guilty. "You’re welcome, it's my duty."
After the doctor left, Theresa continued to clean Armand's face.
She went to pour water and found that Armand woke up when she returned.
Armand said softly, "Theresa."
At that moment, he really looked like he had just woken up and was weak.
Theresa held his hand. "You're awake."
Armand looked at her. "What's wrong?"
"You had a car accident, can I not come? But it’s fine as long as you wake up." Theresa said in a hoarse voice. She was crying because she was too happy and excited.
Armand looked up and wiped her tears. "I'm fine, you don’t have to cry."
Theresa didn't speak. She just felt sad. She couldn't tell why she was feeling sad either.
Armand felt guilty and he put his hand around her. "I'm sorry."
Theresa shrugged in his arms.
She didn't say anything.
It seemed that no words can express the grievance she felt.
As for the reason, she felt aggrieved, she was unclear too.
Just then, the door of the ward was knocked. Theresa wiped her face and went to open the door. It was a delivery guy. It could be it was hot outside that he was sweating all over.
"Are you Miss Gordon?" asked the guy.
Theresa replied yes.
"Here is your takeout." He took the lunch boxes out one by one.
Theresa took them over and said thank you.
The guy outside just smiled and he left with the delivery insulation bag.
Theresa put the lunch boxes on the table and opened them one by one.
It could be Oscar was afraid that Theresa had no appetite. The meal ordered was relatively light, but there was a lot. There were six or seven dishes in total.
Armand asked deliberately, "Is this what you ordered?"
Theresa said yes casually and didn't want to explain.
Because if she said it was Oscar who ordered it, Armand would certainly ask whether Oscar was in City B.
If she said he wasn't., Armand might ask if he was in City C, why would he still order a meal for her when he was that far away.
Armand looked at her and didn't understand why she didn't tell the truth. He was a little flustered. "Theresa."
Theresa turned. "Yeah?"
He grabbed Theresa's hand. "Come here."
Theresa put down the lunch box in her hands, came over and asked him softly, "What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?"
Armand shook his head. "No." He paused and hugged Theresa. "I'm afraid of losing you."
Theresa said, "As long as you live, you won't lose me."
Armand was still uneasy and he held her very tightly.
"Have something first, I still have to call grandma, otherwise she's still worried about you." Theresa tried to get up and did not dare to be too harsh in her movement, afraid to touch his injury.
Armand said, "You can call and eat later. At this moment, I just want to hold you."
When the car accident happened, it was very dangerous. At that time, he was also afraid that he would really die. Theresa's face flashed across his mind. He was afraid that he would never see her again.
Theresa stayed quietly in his arms.
Armand tightened his arms. "Promise me you won't leave me anymore no matter when will you promise me?"
Theresa said yes and patiently said to him, "Alright, this is the hospital. It's bad for people to see us like this. You should eat."
Armand remembered she had not eaten and he let her go.
#####Chapter 765 Three-Month Vacation
Theresa got up and fetched the dishes over.
Armand said, “I don’t feel like eating.”
Theresa stood still and looked at Armand, “Is it because you’ve just woke up?”
Armand replied, “Maybe. I feel thirsty.”
Theresa put down the dishes and fetched a glass of water for Armand.
Armand took the glass and chugged the water down his throat. He was so thirsty that he only felt better after a while.
Theresa took the empty glass away from Armand. Armand looked at Theresa, “Come eat. You haven’t had anything for breakfast.”
Theresa put down the glass and sat in front of the table, but she didn’t feel like eating. She was holding the chopsticks, but she didn’t take anything into her lunchbox. She was playing with the rice in her lunchbox instead of putting them into her mouth.
Theresa considered a while before saying it out loud, “I’ve told Mrs. Bernie that I agreed with it.”
Armand had heard it when the time he pretended to be unconscious, but he felt guilty when he heard it from her at this moment.
Initially, Theresa didn’t agree with it.
Armand understood why even though he wasn’t a woman.
But Theresa agreed with it for him.
Armand wanted to get out of bed. Theresa walked over and helped him, “You’re injured. You shouldn’t be getting out of bed.”
“It’s fine,” said Armand. He couldn’t say thanks to Theresa. Any word of gratitude couldn’t make it up to Theresa.
All Armand could do was hug Theresa in his arms and let her know that she could depend on him.
After both of them calmed down, Theresa gave Elizabeth a call and told her that Armand woke up. Elizabeth was so excited that she wanted to head to the hospital immediately.
And so did she. Elizabeth came to the hospital with the help of her caregiver. Elizabeth said she was allowed to be discharged from the hospital today, but Boyce was too busy and didn’t have the time to come and sign the papers for her. Theresa said, “I’ll help you with it.”
Elizabeth held Theresa’s hand and said, “Thank you.”
Armand felt relieved to see Theresa and Elizabeth getting along with each other. He didn’t have to be the middle person between them anymore. Armand said, “We’re family.”
Then, Armand looked at Theresa, “She sacrificed a lot for me. Grandma, please be good to her.”
Elizabeth’s eyes went red. She glared at Armand, “Do you think of me as a mean person?”
Elizabeth liked Theresa since back then, and now she still liked her, but she felt guilty. She had been carrying so much stress, and what was that for? It was for Armand so that he could have a child of his own.
And now Armand wanted to blame her?
Theresa quickly spoke for Armand, “He didn’t mean it that way.”
Elizabeth wiped her tears, “I’m already a bad person regardless if he thinks that way. It’s my fault for pushing you to have babies when I know your body is probably not ready for that. But…”
A guilty look appeared on Elizabeth’s face, “I don’t regret it. I have to do it even if I know you are going to hate me. I can’t…”
“I understand, Mrs. Bernie. There’s no need to say much. I understand where you come from, so I’m willing to compromise,” Theresa looked down. She realized their fight meant nothing when she saw Armand lying on the bed unconsciously without knowing when he would regain consciousness.
All those fights were meaningless if Armand was gone. All that left was only regrets.
Theresa was afraid that she was going to regret it, so she compromised when Armand was unconscious.
Sometimes she would think it wasn’t a bad thing to get another woman to do it. At least Armand had a child, just like what Elizabeth told her.
The child was going to call Theresa ‘mother’, and it made up the grief for her infertility.
“You’re a good kid,” Elizabeth’s eyes were red.
Theresa remained silent.
Good kid?
She didn’t think she was good at all.
If she was good, she wouldn’t be selfish and care only about herself.
She wasn’t a good person.
Now that Armand woke up and he didn’t need people to stay by his bedside. If he felt uncomfortable, he could press the bell and call for doctors and nurses.  Theresa went and helped Elizabeth in her discharge procedure and payment for her caregiver. Also, the maid at home had left, so she needed to find another maid to replace the previous one.
Elizabeth couldn’t be left unattended.
Theresa wasn’t familiar with the city, and she didn’t know where she could find a maid, so she asked for Dolores’ help. However, Dolores couldn’t get out of the house either, so she got Matthew to help Theresa instead.
Matthew was all wound up as well. Abbot resigned, and it was for real this time. Abbott said that he was exhausted and needed a time out.
A solemn atmosphere spread in the WY Group director office for a long time. Everyone breathed lightly, and no one dared to make noises. Matthew stared at the resignation letter Abbott handed in for quite some time.
“You’ve thought this over?” Matthew looked at Abbott.
Abbott replied, “Yes, I’ve thought about it carefully. I’ve been so swamped up at work and didn’t have time to go for a retreat before. I want to do it now.”
Abbott hadn’t been paying attention at work since Emma left. He even made a few mistakes and caused the company to lose quite some money. Abbott didn’t know what happened to himself either. He kept thinking about Emma, and he couldn’t concentrate on doing anything else.
Abbott had tried so many ways to forget about Emma. He even tried to use another woman to distract himself.
Abbott seriously thought that he needed a time out. He could make more mistakes if he continued working in such an unstable mental state.
Matthew put the resignation letter aside.
Matthew granted Abbott a time out, but he didn’t accept his resignation request, “I’ll give you a three-month vacation. Enjoy your holiday as much as possible. I’ll let you go, only if you insisted to resign after the vacation.”
Abbott knew Matthew needed people to help him in the company now. Matthew rarely came to the office because Dolores’ due was near, and Matthew spent most of his time in the hospital with Dolores.
It could trouble Matthew if Abbott left now, but he couldn’t function properly at work either if he stayed. He said softly, “I’m so sorry.”
“It’s alright,” Matthew waved his hand, “Go get a fund from the Finance Department. You haven’t got any time off before, so the company is going to pay for your vacation this time.”
“But…” Abbott wanted to reject Matthew’s offer. He had caused the company to lose money, so, of course, he can’t take the money Matthew offered him. However, Matthew was getting impatient, “Take it. Don’t negotiate with me.”
Abbott had no choice but accepted the money.
Matthew waved his hand. At the same time, his phone on the desk rang. Matthew picked up the phone. It was from Dolores.
#####Chapter 766 Caregiver
Dolores asked Matthew to help Theresa out. Now that Abbott was gone, Matthew needed to do everything by himself.
Plus, he needed to deal with what Abbott left. How he was going to find time to get a caregiver for Theresa?
Matthew hadn’t done anything like this before.
“Abbott.”
Matthew stopped Abbott when he tried to open the door, “Do me a favour, please.”
Abbott said, “Sure. Anything.”
Matthew sent Abbott to go looked for Theresa and helped her to find a reliable caregiver.
Abbott promised Matthew and left the office.
Theresa didn’t go to visit Dolores. Elizabeth was discharged from the hospital, and nobody was taking care of her at the moment. She needed to be attended to all the time since she had difficulties walking.  Theresa was worried that it could disturb Dolores if she brought Elizabeth along to visit Dolores.
So, Theresa waited at the hospital where she helped Elizabeth with her hospital discharge procedure.
Abbott drove to the hospital and found them.
“Come with me. I’ll send you there,” Abbott walked over.
Theresa said, “Thanks for your help.”
Abbott helped Theresa to get Elizabeth into the car after they got out of the hospital. He got into the driver seat and said, “I knew a reliable caregiver centre, and their caregiver were well-trained and highly capable. You should be able to find someone you need there.”
Theresa explained, “I’m not familiar with this city. I really appreciate your help.”
“Nah, it’s nothing. Matthew’s wishes are my command.”
Abbott smiled and said.
Theresa didn’t say anything else. Soon, it went quiet inside the car. Everyone in the car remained silent. The traffic was heavy during the daytime. They were stuck in the traffic for almost an hour before they arrived at the centre.
Abbott was familiar with the place and people here. They got invited to the General Manager’s office once they arrived at the centre. The staff in the centre knew they were important guests.
“How may I help you this time?” the General Manager got a glass of water for them.
Abbott stopped him and told Theresa, “Ms. Gordon, let him know what’s your requirement and he will find you a suitable candidate for the job.”
Theresa didn’t make a decision right away. Instead, she asked for Elizabeth’s opinion. After all, Elizabeth was the direct client of the caregiver. Elizabeth had to like the person she hired.
The General smiled, “Name your requirement. Our caregivers are well-trained.”
Elizabeth said, “I need someone hardworking, and lively, in terms of her characteristic.”
Elizabeth had difficulties walking, and she spent most of her time at home. She didn’t like to be bored. So she wanted someone hardworking and talkative to take care of her.
“Any requirement on the age?” the General Manager asked.
Elizabeth thought about it a little then replied, “Anything will do.”
Age wasn’t an important criterion. The most important thing was if the person carried the qualities Elizabeth liked or not.
The General Manager smiled and said, “Please wait for a moment while I get some candidates here. Then, you can choose from there.”
“Sure,” said Abbott.
The General Manager walked out of the office, then came back with five women. All of them aged around forty years old, except for the last one. The last girl was young, very young. She had long black hair, and she braided them into two parts. The girl looked pretty, and she was an attention grabber among the row of middle-aged women.
The General Manager gave her a special introduction, “She’s from one of the villages in the rural area. She’s the eldest in the family, and she’s got two younger brothers and a sister. She stopped going to school and came out to work because her family was poor. She’s young, but she’s hardworking and quite talkative.”
Abbott waved his hand, “I don’t think she’s the one.”
It wasn’t because Abbott looked down on the girl, nor he didn’t want to give her a chance. Abbott felt like a young caregiver wasn’t suitable for the job. They needed a hardworking person. A young girl might not be able to do the job right.
So many breadwinners of the family ended up getting together with the young caregiver in those soapy dramas.
Of course, Abbott wasn’t referring to Armand. He just felt like it wasn’t appropriate.
Elizabeth said, “I thought she was fine,” she added, “How old are you?”
The young caregiver replied, “I’m nineteen this year.”
The girl sounded loud and clear. It gave Elizabeth a good impression.
“You’re so young. What’s your name?” Elizabeth asked again.
“It’s Dora,” the young caregiver smiled and answered.
Elizabeth nodded.
The General Manager didn’t dare to introduce her anymore. The girl came in with the help of a friend of the General Manager. So many families had rejected her because she was young and pretty.
A family that could afford a caregiver was usually well-off. They were afraid of scandals that might happen if they hired a young caregiver at home. So, being young as a caregiver wasn’t exactly a plus point.
The General Manager always tried to sell her whenever someone came to look for a caregiver. He wanted to get rid of her as soon as possible.
However, based on Abbott’s reaction just now, the General Manager didn’t dare to sell the girl to Abbott anymore. So, he introduced the other caregivers to Abbott, “They are experienced in taking care of the old folks. They are hardworking, and quite bubbly as well.”
Dora was clear about her situation. She didn’t have a degree, so her salary was usually low. But the salary of a caregiver was pretty high, especially a caregiver from this centre. It was higher than the market price because of the recognition from the previous employers. She only got into this centre because someone helped her. If she wasn’t hired by anyone, she might have to leave the centre.
The opportunities of getting picked were getting lesser by days. Dora had to grab every chance she got.
Dora approached Elizabeth, “Can I call you grams? You’re almost the same age as my grandmother. I’m here for almost three months. Many families didn’t like me because I’m young, and they’re afraid that I couldn’t get things done. But in fact, I’m very hardworking, and I can do almost anything.”
The General Manager usually won’t allow them to talk during the session, but he had to get rid of Dora as soon as possible, so he let her be. He hoped that Dora could somehow persuade Elizabeth to hire her.
Elizabeth turned and looked at Theresa, “Theresa, what do you think?”
“I don’t mind, as long as you like her,” Theresa didn’t want to interfere or influence Elizabeth’s choice. Theresa only wanted Elizabeth to be happy.
“I think she’s alright. It’s not easy to find a job coming from a poor family. I’ll think of it as doing charity. How do you say?” Elizabeth looked at Theresa and asked her.
Theresa replied, “Anything you like.”
“It’s her then,” Elizabeth made up her mind.
The General Manager took a breath of relief and thought, “Finally got rid of her.”
“Then let’s go and get the papers signed?” the General Manager was happy.
Abbott stood up, followed by Theresa, “I’ll go.”
Abbott said, “I’ll go with you,” then they followed the General Manager to get the papers signed. Abbott asked Theresa, “The others were alright. This girl is so young. I’m doubting her capabilities.”
“Mrs. Bernie likes her. I can’t comment anything about it,” said Theresa.
Abbott nodded, “True. Most importantly, she felt happy.”
“This is the contract,” the General Manager handed the contract over.
Theresa took it, but Abbott said, “I’ll help you with it.”
So, Theresa handed the contract over to Abbott.
Theresa signed the contract after Abbott made sure everything was alright. They were paying her nine thousand dollars every month, and they provided her with food and accommodation.
It was a discounted price for Abbott.
Usually, a caregiver from the centre was charging ten thousand dollars and above per month.
However, the salary Dora got was already higher than an ordinary caregiver.
Abbott sent Theresa back to Bernie’s mansion after they got out of the caregiver centre.
#####Chapter 767 The Wedding Invitation
Armand was still in the hospital, so Theresa didn’t stay at home for long because she needed to go back to the hospital to take care of Armand. Elizabeth said, “Don’t worry. I’m well taken care of now.”
Theresa nodded. She filled the new caregiver in to take good care of Elizabeth.
“Sure. Don’t worry,” said Dora.
Abbott hadn’t left Bernie’s mansion when Theresa left the house, so he fetched Theresa to the hospital before going away.
Theresa found out that Boyce was there when she arrived at the hospital. It was initially Boyce’s responsibility, but he was swamped at work since Officer Miller left. He could only come to the hospital after he got off work.
Boyce was told that Elizabeth was discharged after he got to the hospital. So, he came to visit Armand in his ward.
Armand told Boyce that Theresa helped out in the discharge procedure.
Boyce felt relief. He stared at Armand and teased him, “Stop acting already?”
Armand laughed bitterly, “I’m scared that she’d kill me if I continue acting.”
“Why? Did she find out?” Boyce didn’t understand what Armand meant.
Armand couldn’t explain why. He was afraid to lose Theresa, “No…”
At the same time, Theresa came into the room. She asked Armand, “What’re you talking about?”
Armand said, “Nothing. I was asking him how was his newly wedded life.” Armand changed the topic on purpose and shifted attention to Boyce.
Boyce felt speechless.
Theresa said, “Boyce, you got married in such a hurry. I haven’t even prepared a gift for you.”
“Well, you can give me the gift another time,” Boyce said, “Since you came back, then I shall leave now.”
Boyce stood up. He wanted to leave the space for Armand and Theresa.
Armand insulted Boyce, “Are you sure you didn’t leave because you’re missing your newly wedded wife?”
Boyce felt like slapping Armand. He rolled his eyes and said, “I’ll forgive you today because of Theresa.”
Armand laughed, “Don’t you think my injuries should be the reason you’re forgiving me?”
Boyce sneered, “You don’t deserve it.”
Then, Boyce said goodbye to Theresa and left the ward.
Theresa walked over and asked Armand if he was feeling better.
Armand replied, “I felt better,” he then got Theresa to sit beside him, “Are you tired?”
Theresa shook her head, “I’m not.”
“You seemed tired.”
Armand could see the exhaustion on Theresa’s face. She hadn’t been rest well the past few days. Armand stroked Theresa’s hand, “Theresa, let’s go register for marriage tomorrow, then go home.”
They had a wedding reception last time, but they hadn’t got registered for marriage.
“You’re not recovered yet,” Theresa didn’t want him to overthink.
“I’m alright. I can rest at home as well. I can come to the hospital to take off gauze for the wound on my head later. It’s boring in the hospital.”
“Did your doctor agree with it?” Theresa asked.
Armand answered, “The doctor agreed with it. I’ve asked him before.”
“Then, do it as you wish,” said Theresa.
“Theresa, you’re the best,” Armand held Theresa’s hand up and kissed her hand, “You took care of me while I’m the one who should be taking care of you. I feel guilty about it.”
Theresa pouted. She replied after a while, “We’re family. Don’t act like a stranger. If you feel guilty about it, then treat me better.”
Armand got up from the bed. A tingling pain occurred as he touched some of his wounds, but he didn’t show any of it. He hugged Theresa and got into her arms. Theresa was afraid to touch his wounds, so she didn’t dare to hug him back. Theresa sat beside the bed and said, “Armand, you’re like a child.”
Armand rubbed his face in Theresa’s arms, “Then I’ll be your child.”
Theresa felt speechless.
“Nonsense,” Theresa couldn’t help but chuckle. She slapped Armand’s back lightly, and Armand acted innocent, “It hurts! I need some love.”
“Stop goofing around. You’re at the hospital now,” Theresa asked Armand to get up, and he did, “I’ll ask the nurse to add a bed in the room. You can rest here at night. You didn’t rest well the past few days, am I right? I saw the heavy dark circle under your eyes.”
“Alright,” Theresa answered.
Theresa slept on the additional bed at night. She was sleeping safe and sound because she didn’t rest well the past few days. On the other hand, Armand couldn’t sleep. He got out of the bed and walked to Theresa’s bed, then stared at her under the dimmed light.
Armand knew Theresa was unhappy for compromising about having children.
Armand stroked Theresa’s hair and smiled. It proved that Theresa loved and cared about him when she compromised about having children. She didn’t want to see him tortured by Elizabeth.
Armand slept beside Theresa that night.
At the same time, Matthew only got out of a business meeting. Abbott was initially in-charged of this project, but he resigned, and he couldn’t find anyone to replace Abbott, so he had to take over the project himself.
That was why he got off work late.
Dolores was still awake. She was waiting for Matthew. Furthermore, Dolores got too much sleep in the daytime, so she didn’t feel tired at night.
“Don’t wait up. You should go to bed early.”
Dolores said, “I waited because I have something to tell you.”
“What is it?” Matthew took off his coat and put it on the chair. Then, he walked to Dolores.
Dolores handed the invitation on the table to Matthew, “Have a look.”
It looked like a wedding invitation as it was a pink invitation. Matthew opened it, and it proved his presumption right. The wedding was tomorrow, and it invited both Matthew and Dolores to the wedding.
Matthew frowned, “But you…”
“It’s inappropriate not to go,” Dolores stared at Matthew.
Matthew put the invitation down and sat beside the bed. He pulled his collar, and Dolores helped him to unbutton his collar, “You’re loaded with work today? Did you drink?”
Matthew said, “I’ve drunk a little. I had to. It was for business. Abbott is resigning, and I can’t find a replacement yet.”
Dolores was surprised, “Why did Abbott resign?”
Matthew wasn’t sure why Abbott resigned either. But it was obvious that he couldn’t concentrate and he kept making mistakes at work. He really needed time off.
“What do you think?” Matthew knew Dolores wanted to go to the wedding.
Dolores was worried too. After all, she wasn’t exactly in the pink of health, and her due date was near.
Matthew was swamped with work as well. Dolores didn’t want to trouble him.
“I’ll give them a call tomorrow morning,” Dolores helped Matthew to take off his shirt, “Go shower and get rest. It’s getting late.”
Matthew stared at Dolores for a while, but he ended up didn’t say anything to her. He then stood up and walked into the bathroom.
After Matthew came out from the shower, Dolores was almost asleep. The air-conditioner wasn’t turned on, and Dolores felt warm, so she didn’t put a blanket on herself. Dolores wore a white nightgown. She laid down flat, and her tummy looked huge. Matthew walked over. He bowed and stroked Dolores’ tummy.
Dolores pulled Matthew’s shirt.
Matthew looked at Dolores and asked, “What is it? You didn’t want me to touch it?”
Dolores smiled. She shook her head and said softly, “No. It’s tickling.”
#####Chapter 768 I Knew He Wouldn’t Agree with It
Matthew laughed and pointed his finger to Dolores’ chest, “Is it tickling here?”
Dolores held Matthew’s hand and asked him to stop playing around.
Matthew chuckled, “You played with me first.”
Dolores adjusted her body to a comfortable position. She smiled and asked Matthew, “When did I play with you?”
Matthew smiled, “You tell me.”
“I don’t know. You tell me,” Dolores answered in a playful tone.
Matthew smiled in resign. He pinched Dolores’ nose, “You’re naughty.”
Dolores slapped Matthew’s hand, “It hurts.”
Matthew let go of Dolores and laid down beside her. He hugged her into his arms and smacked her butt, “Make sure you have a smooth delivery.”
Dolores kissed Matthew’s forehead and said, “Our child will be safe.”
Then Dolores stopped talking. Matthew was exhausted, so he fell asleep very quickly.
Dolores woke up at around six o’clock in the morning. She grabbed over the phone and gave Noah a call. She wanted to tell him that she couldn’t attend his wedding reception.
Dolores had been contacting Noah since the wedding. They texted each other a lot.
Noah was concern about Dolores’ pregnancy as well.
Dolores didn’t tell Noah about her condition. She didn’t want people to worry for her. Furthermore, Noah was busy in the military.
Noah rarely had time to come back. He only got to come back for his wedding after getting approval from the military.
Dolores wanted to go to the wedding. It wasn’t because of Jeffrey. Noah didn’t have to pay for his parents did.
But Dolores can’t ignore her health condition.
The call got connected quickly. Before Dolores could say anything, Noah asked Dolores, “When are you coming over? Do you need me to come and fetch you here?”
Dolores suddenly didn’t know how to answer Noah’s question.
“Hello?”
Noah sensed something wasn’t right, “What happened?”
Dolores quickly replied, “It’s nothing. Noah, I’m afraid I couldn’t attend your wedding reception. I…”
“Why?” Noah stopped Dolores before she finished her explanation. He sounded disappointed, “Is it because of my father?”
Dolores looked down, “No…”
“Then what it is?”
“I’m not exactly in good health…”
“It’s an excuse!” Noah didn’t believe in what Dolores said. Dolores never mentioned that she was sick. Sometimes, Noah would ask Dolores how she had been feeling, and she said she was alright. How come she became sick when he asked her to attend his wedding reception?
Did Dolores want to avoid them?
Noah thought they got over what happened in the past, and they had decided to only cherish the moment. He thought they were no longer related to what happened in the past anymore.
“I’m disappointed in your absence. We haven’t seen each other for a very long time. I wanted to see you. I also wanted you to be there for me in the most important event of my life.”
Dolores pouted, “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t need your apologies, and you have nothing to be sorry for. Instead, we’ve owed you, but I really hope that you’d be here. You can tell me if anything is bothering you. I will handle it for you. If you don’t want to see my father, I can ask him not to…”
“Noah…”
Dolores stopped Noah. It wasn’t because of Jeffrey. Matthew had let go, so Dolores won’t keep holding grudges on him either. Furthermore, Jeffrey got punished already.
Dolores felt resigned.
“I’ll pick you up at nine,” then Noah hung up the phone.
Dolores sighed. She stared at the phone and didn’t know what to do.
“I’ll talk to him,” a voice rose beside Dolores. She turned and saw Matthew staring at her.
“You’ve woke up?” asked Dolores.
Matthew got up from the bed and took a deep breath. He turned and looked at Dolores. Dolores pouted and asked, “You’ve heard everything?”
Matthew nodded and got off the bed.
Dolores laid down and felt complicated.
Matthew got out of the bathroom after freshened up. He took a shirt and put it on. Dolores stared at Matthew, “Are you going to be busy at work today?”
Matthew stared back at Dolores. He knew what she was going to say, so he didn’t answer her right away. Instead, he continued staring at Dolores.
Dolores curved her lips, “Can you go with me?”
Matthew buttoned his sleeves and walked to Dolores. He didn’t want her to attend the wedding reception. Dolores’ due date was near. What if something happened to her?
Dolores understood what Matthew meant when he remained silent. She pulled his arms and said carefully, “I’ve thought about it. The wedding is important for him. It is a once-in-a-lifetime thing. He wanted me there so badly, and it seemed inappropriate if I don’t go.”
Matthew looked at Dolores, and he didn’t feel like agreeing with her request, “Do you understand what kind of danger you’re putting yourself into now?”
Dolores nodded, “I know.”
“Then why do you still want to go?” Matthew sounded sulky.
It was already dangerous in this phase of pregnancy. What if something happened to Dolores when she was at the wedding reception?
Matthew wouldn’t interfere with Dolores’ decision if she was healthy, and he would go with her as well, provided she was healthy. But it wasn’t what was going on with Dolores now. It could put Dolores and their child in danger.
Matthew didn’t want to risk anything at all.
Dolores let go of Matthew. She knew he wouldn’t agree with it.
#####Chapter 769 A Good Introspection
Matthew asked, "Are you angry?"
Dolores shook her head and said, "No."
But she felt uncomfortable.
Jessica brought breakfast over. Matthew lifted her quilt and carried her up to the bathroom to wash up, then put her in the chair at the table. Dolores said, "I don't want to eat right now. Put me to bed."
Matthew put her to bed. She pulled the quilt over her and turned her side with her back to him, "You eat first. I'm a bit sleepy. I'll eat later."
Jessica set the food down and came over, "You sleep during the day and at night. Can you still sleep now, huh? Let's eat first. The food will get cold later."
She didn't know that Dolores was having a tantrum with Matthew.
She came over and kept persuading Dolores, "You're not just eating for yourself now. You have to think of the baby in your belly. Come on, get up. Let's eat first."
Dolores didn't say anything.
Matthew stood still and looked at her with an expressionless face.
Jessica looked at Dolores and then at Matthew and seemed to sense that they appeared to have had a fight.
She didn't know who was right and who was wrong, but the first thing she did was to take Dolores' side, "You had a fight? You know best the state of Lola's health right now. How come you're still arguing with her?"
Matthew didn't explain and just looked at Dolores.
Jessica was now sure that they might have had a fight. Dolores was pregnant and she had been brought up by her. Of course, she took her side, "How can you fight with Lola at this time? She's risking her life to give you a baby and you're pissing her off?"
Jessica's words get harsher and harsher, "You're really going too far ..."
"No. We didn't fight." Dolores couldn't listen to Jessica reprimand Matthew anymore. She lifted the quilt, "I'm going to eat."
Jessica was confused, "You didn't have a fight? Then what are you mad about?"
She wasn't even eating?
"When did I get mad?" Dolores denied.
"You look like someone owes you money. Are you really not mad?" Jessica walked away, "Come over for breakfast."
Matthew picked her up and put her in a chair at the table. Dolores picked up her spoon and as she was about to drink her porridge, she noticed that Matthew wasn't sitting down. She looked up, "You're not eating?"
Matthew didn't say anything and just felt a headache. He was exasperated by this woman.
She wasn't capricious, only once in a while, but he just couldn't do anything about it and had to coax her.
Dolores knew she shouldn't do that and reached out to pull him along, "I was wrong. Come on, let's eat. You have to go to the office later.
Matthew then sat down, "I'm going to be pissed off at you sooner or later."
Dolores was speechless.
She scooped a spoonful of porridge and handed it to his mouth, "I was wrong, and I'll change later. Don't you be angry!"
Matthew felt both funny and annoying. When had this woman become so torturous?
Jessica saw that and smiled as she closed the door behind her.
Matthew pushed her hand away, "Stop it. Don't think I won't be angry if you do this!"
Dolores refused and passed the spoon to his mouth again. The porridge on the spoon stained his lips, "Okay, you can continue to be angry, but you have to eat. You can't live on air either."
Matthew was speechless.
He pinched her cheeks in anger, "You did that on purpose, didn't you?"
"Ouch ..."
Dolores turned her head to stop him from pinching her cheeks.
Matthew ate the porridge she handed him. That little bit of disagreement between them just now was sort of over.
After eating, Matthew carried her back to bed and left.
Jessica came over to clear the dishes and asked her, "Did you have a fight?"
Dolores said, "No."
"No?" Jessica was clearly not convinced.
Dolores then told her what had happened. As soon as she heard that Dolores wanted to go out, Jessica immediately said, "It's your fault. Normally, no one would have said anything if you wanted to go out. But what is your situation now? How can you be so capricious? No wonder Matthew's angry. If it were me, I'd have to be angry too."
Dolores was speechless.
She said resentfully, "Are you my mother, or his mother? How are you taking sides with him?"
"I'm taking sides with the right person." Jessica gave her a look, "Now you stay out here, and think about what you did."
Dolores was speechless again.
She lay back down in aggravation. She had just finished her meal and was lying down, so she felt rather uncomfortable in her stomach. Then she sat up again.
At this time, Matthew walked in and Dolores looked at him, "Didn't you go to the office?"
Matthew said he hadn't gone.
"Then where did you go?"
Matthew, "I went to see the doctor."
Dolores blinked and asked nervously, "Is there something wrong with me?"
"I said I was taking you out." Matthew came over.
Dolores was lost in thought for a moment. When she came back to her senses, she smiled joyfully, "Thank you."
Matthew grunted, "Now you even dare to throw a tantrum with me. Do I dare disobey you?"
Dolores stretched her two thin white arms around his waist and pouted, "I've apologized. Why are you still talking about it? That's no way for a man to behave."
Matthew was speechless.
If he wasn't a man, was he a woman?
Dolores smiled, "Thank you."
Matthew didn't want her thanks, "We're not going out until near noon."
Dolores nodded immediately, "Yes."
As long as she was allowed to go out.
She called Noah and told him not to come and pick her up.
Armand had also been discharged this morning, but the doctor had asked him to recuperate at home. Once out of the hospital, Armand pestered Theresa to get a marriage license.
Theresa said she would wait until he was well enough to get the marriage license, but Armand refused and insisted on going now. For the sake of his injury, Theresa agreed.
It took only an hour to get it done. They got out of the Civil Affairs Bureau and took the car home. As he had spoken to Elizabeth in advance, Elizabeth had asked Dora to clean up the house, open the bedroom windows for ventilation and change all the bedding to new ones.
#####Chapter 770 Soft-hearted And Kind
Theresa helped Armand and rang the doorbell. Elizabeth's legs were too weak to move in her wheelchair, so it was Dora who opened the door.
There was a stranger in the house and Armand asked, "Who are you?"
Theresa replied, "I'm the new maid who looks after Mrs. Bernie."
Armand understood and walked in.
Elizabeth was happy to have Armand back, "Go lie down in your room."
Armand didn't go right away, but looked at Elizabeth and said, "Grandma, I need to talk to you."
Elizabeth looked in good spirits and asked, "What is it?"
Armand showed her the marriage certificate, "Theresa and I have made up and got our marriage certificate. We're a family now. You used to like Theresa a lot, and I think you can like her just as much in the future."
Elizabeth said, "That's for sure."
She turned to Theresa, "You must be tired from looking after Armand in hospital. Come and sit down and rest."
"Dora, go and get the tea." Dora was very deft and professionally trained to do everything.
She immediately poured a cup of plain water.
Theresa said, "I'm not tired. I want to take Armand to his room."
Elizabeth said, "That's fine. You can rest for a while too."
Theresa said yes and helped Armand to his bedroom. Dora carried the water and Elizabeth looked at her and said, "Put it on the table. Prepare a hearty meal for lunch. It's a good day."
Armand had survived his ordeal and Theresa had agreed to make up with him. It was indeed a rare good day and had to be celebrated.
Dora said yes, "It just so happens that I went to the supermarket yesterday and bought a lot of things. I'll go and get ready now."
Inside the bedroom.
Theresa helped Armand to lie down, then went to close the window and turn on the air conditioning.
Armand leaned over the bed and asked, "Is this nanny looking after Grandma?"
Theresa was drawing the curtains and just answered without turning around.
Armand frowned. Theresa came over and asked him what was wrong and Armand said, "She doesn't look very old. Can she take care of Grandma?"
Theresa said, "Grandma likes her."
Armand sighed. Elizabeth was old and her days were numbered, so they just let her be. Armand beckoned to her, "Come and rest."
Theresa was a very soft-hearted and kind person. She gave him a chance, even though he had been such a jerk. After he was in trouble, she took care of him in every way. He saw and remembered all of this.
Armand was grateful to her.
Theresa sat down on the edge of the bed and Armand took her hand, "Why don't we move out when I'm better?"
He was worried that Theresa wasn't comfortable living here and he was mostly afraid that Elizabeth would always bring up the baby.
"We'll move to Boyce's block and be neighbors with him. What do you think?"
This was really what Theresa wanted. She mainly didn't want to face Elizabeth because she kept talking about the baby.
It didn't matter if she was going to be neighbors with Boyce or not. The main thing was that she didn't want to live with Elizabeth.
"Is that okay?" Theresa felt in her heart that Elizabeth would not agree. After all, Armand was the only family member she had, and she was old. Generally speaking, elderly people like to have their loved ones around.
Armand thought about it, "When I'm healed, I'll say that there's a hospital in City C that does IVF well and that we can find someone there, and then we'll settle there for a while."
He was looking out for Theresa. After all, her career was at City C. She had already sacrificed so much for him, and he couldn't let her even lose her career again
He grabbed Theresa's hand, "I know you're upset. When we get there, we'll say we've found the right person, and when the time comes, we'll adopt one and tell her it's our children."
Theresa didn't think he was thinking that much and nodded firmly.
She crouched against Armand's chest, "I don't want to find someone because I don't want any trouble in the future. Even though it is our bloodline, it is still alive in someone else's womb. It is said that a woman's life is in danger when she gives birth. I didn't suffer this, but I am the mother of the child. What would happen to the child one day if he found out that I had not given birth to him? But I promised Grandma. Even if I am anxious, I still want to fulfill her wish."
She tilted her head, "I don't want you to be left without a child either."
Armand gripped her shoulder hard and said nothing. He just kept these feelings and affection deep inside.
Knock, knock...
There was a knock on the door and Theresa came to open it. It was Dora. She stood in the doorway, "The food is ready. Grandma asked you to come out for lunch."
Theresa said, "I know."
Armand had been lying in bed for a while and was a little dazed. He asked what time it was. He felt how quickly the time had passed and how it was time for lunch so soon?
Theresa looked at the time and said, "It's almost eleven o'clock."
She came over to him, "Get up and have lunch."
He helped Armand over to the table and sat down.
#####Chapter 771 Ups and Downs
Theresa sat down next to him and Elizabeth said with a smile, " Dora's cooking is pretty good. You guys try it to see if it tastes good."
Armand served soup for Theresa, "I think it's good. You can have some."
He placed the soup in front of Theresa.
Elizabeth looked at Theresa and said, "Theresa, you are too thin. You need to eat more and get better, so you can ..."
"Grandma!" Armand interrupted her, thinking she was going to say something about the baby.
Elizabeth was not very happy. Armand wouldn't have been so mean to her before. But he even had disconnection with her because of the baby.
"I didn't say anything. You don't have to be so mean to me." Elizabeth seemed aggrieved.
She felt that her grandson had changed.
"Grandma, Armand didn't mean anything else." Theresa handed Armand the soup that he had brought over to her, "He's hurt and upset. Grandma, you're not angry with him, are you?"
Elizabeth looked up at her and said, "How can I really be angry with him? This soup is for you."
Elizabeth put the soup back in front of Theresa, took her hand, and said, "I didn't mean anything by that. It's just that I've heard that it's not easy for women to get eggs and that you need very good quality eggs to be able to breed them easily. I see that you are too thin, and I am afraid that you will not be able to bear this suffering when the time comes, so I want you to get your body better."
Theresa felt a chill down her spine. How did Mrs. Bernie know this?
"Grandma, you ..."
"I've been to ask all about it. You and Armand are young and it's still easy to do IVF. The only difficulty now is finding the right person ..."
"Grandma." Armand interrupted her before Elizabeth could finish her sentence, "I'll take care of that. You have trouble with your legs, so leave it alone ..."
"Leave it alone?" Elizabeth looked at him sternly, "If I wait for you to do it, how long will I have to wait?"
"Granny ..."
"Don't you say anything. I've got the doctor for you. I know there are good hospitals in City B and the technology is well established. In a few days, when you're better, you and Theresa will go to the hospital for a physical check-up."
Armand hadn't expected Elizabeth to start talking about it on his first day home, which had caught him off guard.
And she had learned about it specifically.
"Grandma, who told you that City B has such a good hospital with proven technology?"
Dora came over, "I ... I helped Grandma look it up on the internet ..."
Armand scowled. He knew the young man had no appreciation of a thing's importance. If it had been the previous nanny, how could she have done such a thing?
He said in a deep voice, "Who permitted you to touch the computer? If I lose anything, can you afford to take responsibility?"
There really wasn't anything important on the computer at home, so there was no password. He was only mad at her for being meddlesome!
Elizabeth, who was disabled and didn't know how to use smartphones or computers or anything smart like that, had to do what he wanted in the end.
He had it all worked out and now this new nanny had ruined it all!
"I'm sorry ... I'm sorry ..." Dora lowered her head and apologized repeatedly. Her face was pale and she seemed to be terrified.
She didn't expect Armand to be so mean.
"Don't give her a hard time. I asked her to check for me. What? I can't check?" Elizabeth's eyes widened.
Armand closed his eyes, and grew more and more impatient, "What you find on the internet may not be true. It's something you have to go to the hospital to actually find out. Each doctor is also different ..."
"Can I still not know this? I'm just old, not stupid. I went to the hospital yesterday to find out. This hospital has a ninety percent chance of success. Where else can you find such a good hospital? Aren't all the good hospitals in the country in City B?"
Armand pursed his lips and said nothing.
Theresa felt tired. She hadn't expected such an unpleasant mess on her first day home.
"Dora, you go and get busy." Elizabeth waved her hand at her.
Dora lowered her head and walked away.
The atmosphere at the dinner table was depressing, and no one was talking.
It was Elizabeth who opened her mouth first, "You don't want to do it at City B and want to go to City C, do you?"
Elizabeth quickly figured out why he was reacting so strongly. Otherwise, what other reason would he have for refusing?
Theresa had said yes. What else could he have to say?
Could it be Theresa?
She turned her head to Theresa, "Theresa, you can talk to me about anything. I know you're aggravated, but you know that I ..."
"I know." Theresa said, "That's fine. Just do it at the hospital you said."
"Theresa, I knew you knew me best, and were sympathetic." Elizabeth took her hand again, but Theresa pulled it away, "You should eat. The food is getting cold."
There was a large table of delicious food, but it was all tasteless.
Theresa didn't want any more trouble. When she had finished her bowl of rice, she got up and left the table.
Armand didn't even move his chopsticks, and just sat there.
Elizabeth returned to her room without having eaten more than a few bites.
It was clear that the talk had not been pleasant this time.
Noah's wedding was held outside. It was a cloudy day and not so hot.
Not so many guests came, and they were all friends and family worthy of deep friendship. The Harris family and the Chambers family had been through ups and downs and there were not many people who were still close to them.
The rest were friends of Noah and Chloe from the army.
The wedding was timed by a fortune teller, who said that 1.30 pm was the best time.
So the wedding took place at that time.
#####Chapter 772 Thank You for Marrying Me
Chloe wore a pure white wedding dress. It was simple yet graceful, it exposed her shoulders and the bright diamond necklace in front of her chest was dazzling. Her long diamond earrings swayed as she waltzed in, and her skin looked milky white with the accessories. The elegantly shaped tube top held her thin waist in, her jet-black hair and the dress white as snow complemented each other well.
Noah was wearing an army uniform. He was young and looked like an honest young man in the uniform. He looked shy and pure but at the same time a mature gentleman. He was like the sun, his eyes were bright and dazzling.
He looked very handsome in the army uniform, he looked cool even when he walked.
Noah and Chloe walked hand in hand. Noah’s comrades-in-arms formed a line and stood on the sides, they used their hands to form an arched door and opened them slowly. They walked in slowly.
Dolores was sitting in the last row. She looked up, saw the scene and smiled.
The wedding of people from the army always felt serious. She reached out her hand and grabbed Matthew’s, “Our children, I hope one of them would become a soldier.”
Matthew answered that he would like to respect the children’s choice. If they wanted to, then he wouldn’t stop them. But if they didn’t want to, he wouldn’t force them.
“He looked different when compared to back then, he looked manlier now.” He used to be an idol, he was handsome but more femininely handsome. Now he looked manlier. Dolores commented on Noah.
The host introduced the couple’s past to the guest. They knew each other since they were kids, their family got along with each other and hence they were very close growing up. Their parents were very happy about their marriage.
People would only realize after a long time that fame, fortune and grievance were just troubles that people would bring to themselves. When they learnt to let go, they would know that living peacefully and healthily were what true happiness was.
Nowadays, people only wanted power, fame and fortune.
A normal person would want to have money, cars and estate.
But they wouldn’t calm down and think about what they didn’t have. They weren’t sick, there wasn’t a calamity. Wasn’t that great as well?
A person had to experience things, only after that, they would understand how important peace and health were.
Chloe and Noah were best friends and now they got married. Things went sour for them at one point, but they put it behind them.
After the host finished their speech, the bride and the groom would have to take their oath. Some people would skip this part.
The host said loud and clear, “The groom would now take his oath.”
They gave Noah the microphone. He held the microphone and thanked his parents first, “Dear parents, thank you for bringing me to the world, thank you for bringing me up. I was a bad child and did a lot of wrongs when I was young. I am very thankful that they tolerate and forgive me.”
Marina pursed her lips and her eyes turned red.
Jeffery’s eyes were watery too, but he yelled softly at his wife, “Why are you crying? It’s a happy occasion, don’t cry.”
Marina answered, “I’m crying tears of happiness.”
The father and son used to treat each other as enemies. Now, the son was more filial and the dad was more amiable. This was Marina’s greatest wish. She felt relief that this day had come.
“Don’t cry even if their tears of happiness. There are so many people around right now.”
“So what? It’s not embarrassing,” said Marina as she stared at her son who was standing on the stage. She was crying because she felt touched, who would talk bad about her because of this?
Then Noah looked at Dolores.
“Apart from my parents, I would also like to thank another person.” After Dolores came, only then he realized that Dolores didn’t lie to him, she was really sick.
“She was sick yet she still attended my wedding. I am very happy.”
Dolores’ eyes turned red. She thought about the day she got married, the time when Noah appeared at the wedding ceremony. She tried her best to smile.
“Thank you for coming to witness an important chapter of my life.”
Noah bowed to her.
Then he grabbed Chloe’s hand, “We grew up together and were close as a family, like siblings. It’s fate that we end up marrying each other. We care for each other a lot and I am thankful that my father-in-law and mother-in-law trust me and hand her to me.”
Noah bowed to Eddie and his wife.
Eddie nodded repeatedly, he was content with his son-in-law.
Mrs. Chambers cried. It seemed like women cried more easily, they cried when they felt touched.
Men would feel touched inside but would try to hold their tears back.
Noah finished his oath, he handed the microphone to Chloe.
Chloe changed a lot. She was spoiled growing up, she was arrogant and self-willed. Now she was more mature and stable, she wasn’t as impetuous as she used to be.
She stood on the stage and was calm. She held the microphone up and said slowly, “Everyone had to go through something first, only then they would grow up. I was a late bloomer. I did a lot of bad things and hurt a lot of people. I want to use this opportunity to apologize to the people I hurt before. Please forgive my naivety from back then when I was young. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart that you attend Noah’s and my wedding.”
Chloe looked at Dolores and Matthew, she then bowed slightly.
She wanted to break the family up back then and hurt Dolores.
She felt sorry.
“When God closed one of your doors, He would open another,” she said as she turned to look at Noah, “Thank you for tolerating me. Thank you for being by my side when I was down and lost. Thank you for accepting me even after finding out about all of my flaws. Thank you for marrying me.
#####Chapter 773 Drink a Bunch
She stared at Noah deeply and confessed emotionally, “You were standing at the other door that God opened for me.”
The host then continued saying, “The bride and groom loved each other deeply. Even I almost started crying listening to their heartfelt confession. Let’s wish the couple all the best and that they would be together forever.”
The audience clapped merrily.
The ceremony ended, Noah and Chloe walked down the podium. The guest started to move around freely. There were food, cakes and drinks put on the side for people to consume.
Noah, Chloe and Noah’s parents walked towards Dolores.
Marine greeted Dolores happily, “I am happy that you guys came.”
Dolores smiled, “It’s our pleasure.”
“Would you like to sit inside? Is it too hot outside?” asked Jeffery.
Dolores wanted to reject his offer because Matthew mentioned that they would go back after the ceremony as she shouldn’t stay out for too long. But the family surrounded her and were being very friendly, so she nodded.
Matthew helped Dolores walk, she put her hand around his arms. They walked slowly into the house.
It was pretty bad between them back then. They forgave each other but they still needed time for transition, they couldn’t act too familiar around each other.
They talked unfamiliarly.
Chloe poured Dolores a glass of water. Dolores was outside for a bit and felt a bit thirsty.
Dolores took the glass and said, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” Chloe smiled.
Dolores took two sips and asked Matthew, “Are you thirsty?”
Matthew shook his head.
Noah was talking to Matthew, “Ever since I joined the army, I learned a lot of things. I feel like I wasted my time from back then.”
He only wanted to become an idol because he wanted to go against Jeffery’s words, and that was a wrong decision.
He didn’t even like being an idol that much, but he wanted to do it just because Jeffery hated it.
It was childish thinking back about it.
“If I listened to what he said, I would be highly ranked right now.”
Noah grown into a much more mature person, he wasn’t the arbitrary boy from back then anymore. He was a grown man. Matthew answered, “It’s not too late.”
He believed that Noah could accomplish what he wanted in the future.
Noah smiled, Matthew assurance made him more confident.
It was encouraging.
Jeffery and Marina were talking to the other guests. They would glance to the side from time to time and smiled when seeing them getting along so well.
“Today’s your big day. Don’t just stay here, go talk to the other guests as well,” said Dolores.
“It’s okay,” Noah smiled as he said, “The guests are close with us, they wouldn’t mind.”
Chloe said, “Yeah, other than some relatives, the other guests are his comrades-in-arms. They meet each other every day in the base and so they wouldn’t mind. We should be here with you guys since we don’t meet too often.”
“Oh right, when are you giving birth? Chloe and I will apply for leave and come visit you.’”
Dolores replied, “In a few days.”
“Really? Our ceremonies and dinners end in a week, maybe we can make it,” said Chloe as she looked at Dolores’ belly, “Is it a boy or a girl?”
“I would love them either way,” said Dolores. They would all be her dear children.
Dolores wanted to go to the washroom. She yanked Matthew’s sleeve, “I want to go to the washroom.”
Chloe said, “I’ll go with you…”
Matthew suddenly stood up and said, “I’ll go.”
Dolores smiled, “You guys should go entertain the other guests.” She said this before because she wanted to use the washroom.
During this trimester, the uterus would press on the bladder and hence the times she went to the bathroom increased.
“The washroom is over there.” Chloe pointed at the passageway on the right.
Dolores smiled and nodded.
She walked slowly. She arrived at the washroom and Matthew couldn’t enter the ladies. Dolores had to go in herself. Matthew reminded her to take her time.
Dolores nodded her head. She knew the condition of her body and hence she was being very careful. After she washed her hand and walked out of the toilet stall, someone came in in a rush and didn’t notice her as they were walking very quickly. They bumped into her.
Luckily Dolores was standing near the basin and hence she didn’t fall on the ground as she managed to hold onto the side of the basin. The person didn't do it on purpose, they apologized and quickly went to the other toilet stall.
Dolores felt pain in her abdomen when she walked out of the bathroom. She put her hand against the wall and held her abdomen, “Matthew…”
Matthew got a call from the office while waiting for her. Abbott wasn’t at the office and hence they had to call Matthew about everything. He took a few steps forward and looked out the window. He didn’t realize that Dolores came out.
It wasn’t similar to the pain from giving birth. The pain from giving birth started mildly at first, and then the pain would gradually increase when she was about to give birth.
She had experiences and knew that this time, the pain was different. It was so painful all of a sudden that she couldn’t stand properly. Her legs were shaking.
“Matthew…”
She stared at Matthew as he stood there. 
She called out to him with a hoarse voice.
Matthew finally looked back and saw that she was in pain. He quickly hung up the phone and walked over.
He put his hand around her shoulder, “Does your stomach hurt?”
Dolores twitched in pain, her lips turned pale and her face turned green, “I’m… in pain…”
Matthew quickly carried her and walked out.  
Noah and Chloe were talking to their friends in the hall. They saw Matthew and Dolores in his arms.
Noah said to his friends, “There’s alcohol out there, please help yourselves.”
The friends understood that they had matters to attend to, they said, “Don’t worry, don’t mind us. We won’t go back with an empty stomach. We will enjoy ourselves and drink a bunch even if you don’t say it.”
“There's blood.”
Chloe noticed that there was blood at places that Matthew just walked by. They were dripping off from Dolores’s legs.
#####Chapter 774 She Will Be Fine
“There’s blood.”
Chloe saw that blood was dripping down from Dolores’s leg from the pathway that Matthew had walked over.
Noah subconsciously looked at the floor. In fact, the blood was still obvious on the clean white floor even though it was not very much.
He was trembling with fear and speechless with his mouth half-open.
Chloe remained calm and nudged him, “It is just probably because she is about to give birth. Let’s hurry over and see if we can help?”
Noah then only regained his sense and ran over immediately. He said, “I will drive the car.”
It was not sure whether Matthew had heard him. Anyway, Matthew did not answer him.
He was walking very quickly and his expression was serious. Actually, he was already in a panic and was no longer a tactful man.
It was noticeable that his pace was fast and unsteady as he was in a hurry.
As he walked through the wedding hall, the car which they had made all the way here was parked at the roadside.
The driver got down from the car and opened the car door hurriedly while Matthew was approaching. The driver was startled when seeing that there was blood on Dolores’s body, “Missus, she…”
“Start driving!”
Matthew shouted angrily.
The driver rushed to the driving seat hastily and started driving as fast as he could.
Dolores buried his head in Matthew’s arms. She gripped his collar tightly, but she could not alleviate the pain in her stomach no matter what she did.
It was like the pain of being cut and tortured.
She was really uncomfortable as her face turned extremely pale and she was gasping rapidly.
Matthew hugged her and kissed her forehead, “I’m here. I’m by your side. We will reach the hospital soon. It’s alright, it’s alright…”
He seemed to be comforting himself rather than comforting her. He just felt so stressful as if his heart was so congested that he even experienced breathing difficulty.
His collar was all wet due to Dolores’s tears and sweat. Her forehead was full of perspiration.
“I…am so painful.” Her lips trembled as she sobbed hoarsely.
Matthew hugged her tightly. He felt that his hand was wet too and thought that it was sweat. So, he lowered his head and pulled some part of her dress underneath her. However, her initially white dress was already stained red.
The driver was driving as fast as possible and had already run the red light twice.
Matthew urged, “Hurry up!”
The driver stepped on the accelerator again. He did not have time to wipe off the sweat on his forehead, but he was looking in front and driving intently.
Dolores quivered even intensely as she was getting more uncomfortable.
Matthew caressed her face and kissed her pale lips, “It’s alright, it’s alright. I’m here. We will reach the hospital soon.”
Dolores was blurred and unconscious as she could no longer see and respond to him.
At this moment, the car finally stopped at the hospital. After the driver opened the car door, Matthew got down from the car and ran towards the hospital.
Matthew carried Dolores to the main hall where the doctors were already pushing the emergency bed over. The doctors asked him to lay the patient on the bed.
He bent down and laid Dolores on the bed. Dolores grabbed his collar and would not let go. So, he bent down and followed the doctors to the emergency room.
When they reached the doorway, the doctor said, “The patient needs immediate surgery, you can’t go in…”
Matthew said, “I definitely won’t disturb you…”
Dolores let go of her hand and shook her head weakly as if she was telling him not to go in with her.
The doctor pushed Dolores into the room. Matthew did not even have the chance to hold her hand for a moment.
“Please wait outside the door.” The doctor turned around and went into the operating room. The door was shut immediately.
The signal light on the upper right corner turned red, indicating that outsiders were not allowed to disturb as the operation was in progress.
Matthew stood still in front of the surgery door without moving as if he had lost his soul.
The driver stood by the side and did not dare to say anything.
Ten minutes later, Noah arrived with his family. Marina helped Jeffery to walk quickly while Noah and Chloe were ahead of them rushing to the operating room.
“Is she in the operating room yet?” He asked.
At this moment, Matthew did not have the mood to answer anybody’s question.
The driver whispered, “She is already in the operating room.”
Everybody was waiting outside the operating room.
After an hour, there was still no news at all. The atmosphere became overwhelming and tense as nobody dared to speak. Every second was torturing for them.
Suddenly, the driver’s phone rang.
He went to the side and picked up the call. It was from Jessica who usually delivered meals to the hospital with the help of the driver. So, she had the driver’s phone number since it was convenient to contact him. Dolores had gone out for a while today, thus she called the driver to ask if Dolores should come back already.
The driver thought in his mind that Jessica was Dolores’s mother, so he should inform her. He said, “We have come back, but probably Missus is in labour. So, she is already in the operating room, just that the situation is still uncertain at this moment…”
Jessica’s body jerked, “What do you mean by the situation is still uncertain?”
The driver said, “We’re at the operating room on the sixth floor. Just come over.”
He could not explain clearly.
Jessica hung up the phone and walked out of the ward immediately.
When she arrived at the operating room, she saw the Harris family but she did not greet them. Instead, she went straight to Matthew who was nearest to the door of the operating room.
She saw the bloodstain on his white shirt had dried and turned dark red, also on his hands as well.
She instantly understood what was going on. She suppressed the panic in her heart and comforted him, “Dolores has been suffering since young and it’s all over. She will enjoy a happy life from now on. She will be fine. Don’t worry too much and go to wash your hands now. Dolores won’t be happy later if she sees you like this.”
#####Chapter 775 I Will Wait for Her Here
Matthew did not say anything. He just turned his head and looked at her.
Jessica barely smiled and pretended to be relaxed, “Believe me, Dolores is so strong and she will be fine. When she gave birth to Andrew and Amanda who were twins, she managed to do it successfully without going through a caesarean section. The mother and children ended up safe and healthy. There are so many great doctors this time, she will be fine.”
She tried to comfort Matthew as much as she could. Actually, she was also comforting herself as well.
She described it with ease. The fact was that Dolores was in danger too when giving birth to Andrew and Amanda, but she just did not emphasize it.
Matthew said in a low and hoarse tone, “I will wait for her here.”
Jessica sighed as she knew that she could not console him, so she could only obey him.
At this moment, the door to the surgery room opened and a doctor in blue scrubs came out. Before she could hand over the surgery consent form, Matthew had already asked, “How is she?”
The doctor said that the surgery was in progress, “The patient is bleeding excessively. We’re doing our best.”
She handed over the surgery consent form, “This surgery is very dangerous and there is a high chance that only one can be saved. So, we need the family member to sign. Whether to save the adult or the baby, the hospital rule is to save the adult, but we need to inform you first.”
Matthew signed the surgery consent form and said, “You must ensure that my wife is fine. Otherwise, I will make your hospital disappear from this land.”
He put down the pen after signing the consent form. A bloody smell surged from his throat. How could it be easy to give up his own child?
He was the father and his child had his blood in the body. How could he just give up his child easily? Nobody would ever know that kind of pain unless he had experienced it before.
He had no choice.
If he had to choose between the two, he could only give up one of them in pain.
Jessica originally wanted to comfort Matthew, yet she could not help but cry herself. She did not want others to see her crying, so she hid in the corner and cried alone. How could her daughter be so ill-fated? She thought that she was now at the end of suffering and did not expect that she would have to go through this challenge again.
Jessica thought it would be great if she could sacrifice the rest of her life for the sake of her daughter so that her daughter would enjoy a happy and blissful life.
At this moment, nobody dared to approach Matthew and talk to him.
Everybody stood not far away, waiting and hoping that both the adult and the baby would be healthy.
About two hours later, the signal light of the operating room turned green. But after a while, it went dark as the light was off.
Soon, the door to the surgery room opened and three doctors came out.
Everybody gathered around.
One of the doctors standing in the middle, the same doctor who had been treating Dolores, took off his mask, “The surgery was very dangerous. The mother suffered a rupture in her uterus leading to severe bleeding. The mother also went into a coma during the process. After three hours of surgery, the patient had been rescued.”
The hospital had been well-prepared for Dolores’s case by storing a lot of blood that matched with her blood type to prevent excess bleeding during the delivery.
The amount of blood she was bleeding was almost as much as a human had changed blood twice. During the entire operation, blood was pumped into her body while she kept bleeding to maintain the standard blood pressure in her body.
“It’s great that Dolores is fine, it’s great as long as she is fine,” Jeffery said thankfully.
After all, he had never seen or gotten along with the child before, so he had no feelings. However, Dolores was the one who was actually alive and she was his sister’s only daughter.
Matthew stood up straight and asked hoarsely, “When will my wife be out?”
“Twenty-four hours later. Although the operation is successful, she is still in a dangerous period. She needs to be looked after by professionals.” The doctors answered.
“Can I go and have a look?” Matthew asked.
“Nobody is allowed,” The doctor said.
“What do you mean by nobody is allowed?”
Noah interjected and asked.
The doctor said, “As I said, the mother’s condition is still in danger and needs professional care. The baby has been sent to the neonatal unit for treatment because the baby has been held in the mother’s womb for too long. I’m afraid you can’t see them now.”
Matthew clenched his fist forcefully until the veins on the back of his hand bulged. He tried to suppress his pounding heartbeat, “Is my baby still alive?”
The doctor replied yes, “After you signed the form, your wife was still slightly conscious. She understood your intention but she still asked us to rescue the baby. Although the process was dangerous, the baby was still breathing fortunately. When the baby was born, the baby was extremely pale. However, the baby was fully developed after the check-up. Nowadays, the medical facilities are well-equipped, so it shouldn’t take long to recover after the treatment.”
“Thank you.” He reached out his hand.
The doctor shook hands with him, “It’s our duty.”
Jessica stood the furthest away as she was afraid of hearing bad news. Now, she covered her lips and smiled while her eyes were still filled with tears upon knowing the news.
Tears were rolling down as she smiled.
After knowing that both the adult and the baby were safe and fine, she then only dared to come over. She immediately expressed her gratitude to the doctor.
Then, she told Matthew to clean himself up, “Be clean and tidy before you see Dolores. Leave the rest to me.”
Matthew replied “yes” gently.
Jessica asked Jeffery’s family to take a rest at Dolores’s ward. Noah said, “We better go back now. We will come back tomorrow.”
They would not be able to see Dolores even if they waited here today.
Today was Noah’s wedding and the whole family had been out for a few hours already. Surely, they had to go back and explain the scenario. So, Jessica did not ask them to stay.
She returned to the ward and saw Jayden bringing two children over.
#####Chapter 776 Public Display of Affection
Tomorrow was the weekend, the children told Jayden after school that they wanted to visit Dolores at the hospital. 
"Granny." Amanda ran up to Jessica who was welcoming her with open arms. She reminded her to slow down but Amanda dashed up to her at full speed. Her momentum nearly knocked Jessica down, "You never listen to it, aren't you?"
Amanda wrapped her arms around her neck, "I missed you and want to hug you."
Jessica patted her back, smiling, "My remaining life depends on you."
"No problem," Amanda replied without hesitation. Any adult would be glad to hear such a reply. 
"Let's go in," Jessica carried Amanda in her arms, "This weight, soon I'll not be able to carry you." 
Andrew went straight into the patient room looking for his mom, "Where is mommy?"
Jessica was stunned and immediately said she was under monitoring. 
"Monitoring? Did she give birth to our little sibling?" Andrew asked excitedly. 
Jessica nodded. 
"Yay, I'm a big sister now." Amanda hugged her brother excitedly, "You are going to be a big brother."
Andrew was speechless. 
Jayden asked, "Is Dolores alright?"
Jessica glanced at the kids and said, "It was critical but she is fine now."
"Mommy gave birth to a girl or a boy?" Andrew asked. 
Jessica forgot to ask. 
"I don't know. The doctor didn't mention and I forgot to ask." Jessica slapped her forehead, "How could I forget?"
Perhaps the situation was critical and intense. They focused solely on the safety of both the baby and mother and were relieved once their condition stabilized. No one remembered to ask about the baby's gender. 
"Can we have a look at the baby? We could then ask the doctor if we have a sister or brother," Andrew asked again. 
Jessica said they were not allowed to view the baby yet but could ask the doctor about the gender. 
"Shall we go to the doctor now?" Jessica said. 
"Cool, I want to see the baby." Amanda was thrilled to see the baby. 
And so, Jayden, Jessica, and the children headed to the doctor's office. 
The doctor told them it was a baby boy. 
"It's a boy," Andrew asked, "Can we see him?"
"No," the doctor replied. 
And it was not suitable for viewing at the moment. 
Andrew bit his lips in disappointment.
"Is my mom all right?" Andrew asked. 
The doctor was glad to see him concerning his mom, "She is fine, you can see her tomorrow," he replied, smiling.
"Thank you," Andrew thanked the doctor. 
"It's our job," the doctor replied. 
Andrew thanked the doctor again for keeping his mom and brother safe. 
"Where is Daddy?" Andrew asked as they walked out of the doctor's office. 
'Mommy giving birth is such an important day, where is Daddy?'
"Your dad is up to something, guess he'll be back soon," Jessica explained. 
"What's more important than Mommy and baby? He should be here," Andrew complained. 
"It's not like that, he was here and he just left," Jessica explained patiently. 
Andrew let out a disappointing sigh for not being able to see his brother and mother. 
A week later… 
Dolores' condition stabilized while the bruises on the baby were fading too. 
She was transferred to the patient wad. The corridor outside her room was filled with flowers bouquets sent by Matthew's friends and businesses acquaintances, congratulating him on the newborn. 
Oscar came straight from city C bringing gifts along knowing that Dolores gave birth to a son. 
Coincidentally Boyce, Jasmine, Armand, and Theresa came to visit too. 
The room was full of people. 
While Jessica was busy serving drinks and fruits, Oscar handed over his gift to Dolores.
She had gotten better after a few days of rest and was able to get down from the bed. 
"What's this?" She asked as she looked at the gift in his hand. 
"Take a look," Oscar said. 
She could guess what's in the bag, "I've told you…"
"Give it to your youngest if you don't want it. This could avoid him from fighting over money with his brother in the future," Oscar interrupted, smiling. 
Dolores smiled too. 
"Keep it," Oscar said. 
Dolores took it over, "But you will still have to manage it."
"Of course, I'm still young, I'll hand it over when I retired." Oscar knew she was busy. 
Matthew walked over at this moment. 
"Have you name the child?" Oscar asked. 
"Not yet, why don't you name him," said Dolores. 
Oscar hesitated and looked at Matthew, it was their child, he needed his agreement. 
"You can name the child, Dolores says it all in our family," Matthew said. 
'Was that so-called public display of affection?' Oscar thought.
#####Chapter 777 Feeling Uncomfortable
But what he saw delighted him. He was glad to see Dolores happy.
Since Matthew said yes, "I'll go ahead and name the baby then," he said.
"Please do," Dolores replied, smiling. She then looked up and met Matthew's gaze. He stroked her forehead and said, "He will be a Lennon."
Oscar rose from his seat, facing Matthew. He thought the child will follow the surname Lennon.
"This is your child…"
"He is also Dolores' child," Matthew said.
Oscar looked at Matthew delightfully, 'Jolene was right, he is a dependable man. He's capable, with a sense of responsibility and on top of that, he loves and appreciates people around him.'
"But, I'm not very good at it, don't blame me for the name later," Oscar said, smiling.
"We won't," Dolores continued, "As long as it's not too bad, otherwise the child might object."
"You should thank me for not naming him Batman or Superman."
Dolores was speechless.
He thought about the name once knowing Dolores gave birth to a boy, he wanted the baby to be a Lennon, Dolores didn't change her name and he wanted the baby to carry on the family name.
He didn't plan to bring this up if Dolores hadn't mentioned it.
He paid someone for this name and deliberately say something nonsense.
He joked, "He is the third son, let's call him Lennon The Third."
Dolores was at loss for words.
"All right, all right, joke aside." Oscar turned serious, "Let's call him Joshua Lennon."
It had some relationship to Stanley Lennon and Jolene's names.
This was a name he paid someone to create by combining Stanley’s surname and the first letter of Jolene.
Although it's meaningful, it didn’t sound sophisticated. Dolores would say the money was wasted if she found out he paid someone for this name.
Oscar was slightly nervous since there was no reply from both Dolores and Matthew, "Don’t you like it?" He asked cautiously.
This baby had a different kind of meaning than Amanda and Andrew the moment he accepted Oscar's suggestion.
He was the heir of Stanley and Jolene, and this name was a perfect fit.
This was a name to remember them.
"Thank you, Oscar." Dolores smiled.
"As long as you like it," Oscar said as he waved. "I'll go visit the baby," he patted Dolores' hands, "Rest well."
The baby was delivered preterm and stayed too long inside the womb during labor. Although the bruises on his body faded, he must stay inside the NICU for at least a month, one could only view the baby through the glass.
Those outside the patient room joint Oscar for the baby viewing trip.
The room was filled with silence.
Jessica had a bowl of nutrients soup with her. It was a blessed that both the mother and baby were safe.
The only downside was Dolores could no longer bear a child in the future since this labor had severely damaged her uterine.
"I don't want to drink that." Jessica made her drink this three times a day recently, she was sick of it.
"Put it aside first," Matthew said.
"I know it's sickening, but it's good for your body, hang in there," Jessica reminded as she put the soup on the table.
"Okay," Dolores nodded.
"Do you still feel pain?" Jessica asked.
Dolores nodded. Her breasts were full but she couldn't breastfeed the baby since he was in the NICU.
"Pump it out if it hurts too much…"
"No," Dolores said. The doctor advised her not to breastfeed due to her weak body condition as well as medication injected into her body during the surgery made her breast milk not suitable for the baby.
She could only endure the pain until her breasts stopped producing milk naturally.
Jessica sighed, "Get some rest, they will come back after seeing the baby."
Dolores nodded while Jessica went out.
Matthew sat on the side of the bed holding the soup, "Drink it before it gets cold."
The room was warm without air-cond, she would be all sweaty after drinking the soup.
Jessica forbade her from taking a shower these few days, she felt so uncomfortable, hence, was reluctant to drink the soup.
"Later." Dolores didn't move an inch.
"Feeling uncomfortable?" Matthew asked as he put the soup down.
"What do you think?" Dolores stared at him.
"Hang in there," Matthew tried comforting her, "I'll get you some warm water to clean up your body and new sets of changing clothes after you drink the soup."
Dolores was attracted, 'It's better than not cleaning the body at all.' She sat up slowly.
Matthew wanted to feed her, "I'll drink it myself." She took the soup and finished it in one gulp.
The hot soup warmed her body instantly, and she began sweating. She passed the empty bowl to Matthew as she took a few tissues to wipe off the sweats.
Matthew put the bowl outside, came back to close the curtain then proceeded to the washroom to get her washing water. He put the water on the chair, soaked up a small towel, and said, "Remove your clothes."
#####Chapter 778 Don’t be Capricious
Dolores Flores said while unbuttoning her clothes, “Take my clothes over here.”
Matthew Nelson looked up at her. She didn’t wear any clothes inside her hospital gown and a large part of her white skin was exposed after unbuttoning.
As she realized that he was looking at her, she covered her chest, “What are you looking at?”
He was very calm, “I’m looking at you.”
She lowered her eyes and whispered, “So annoying.” But he didn’t hear it clearly and asked, “What did you say?”
“I didn’t say anything.” She urged him, “Hurry up and get the clothes.”
He brought it over.
She asked him to put the clothes on the bed, “You go out, I’ll wipe it myself.”
He didn’t care about her, wrung the towel semi-dry and said, “If you don’t take them off, I’ll do it for you.”
In fact, she had finished unbuttoning her clothes, but the reason she hadn’t taken it off in front of him was that she didn’t want him to see how she looked now, not because she was embarrassed.
“Don’t you mind that I smell bad?” she tilted her head and her black hair was a little messy. Matthew reached out to brush a strand of hair on her forehead, “You always smell nice in my eyes.”
She said, “Liar.”
Due to breast engorgement, the breast milk would leak out and made her clothes smell fishy. How could she smell good?
He came over, “If you keep dilly-dallying, they’re coming back soon.” As he said this, he reached out his hands and took off her clothes, but Dolores twisted her head and didn’t look at him.
He leaned over her and whispered, “You smell so good with the milk.”
She was speechless.
Then she pushed him, “Nasty.”
He laughed and picked up a towel that wasn’t very dry to wipe her body.
Breast fullness had made her breasts to be much bigger and more erect, like two small hills. He wiped carefully but she still hissed when he accidentally touched them. Even if her breasts were lightly touched, it would be hurt.
He withdrew his hand and didn’t dare to touch her.
Dolores grabbed the towel in his hand, “I’ll do it myself.”
He said, “I’ll be more gentle. You can’t reach your own back, let me help you.”
She looked at him, “It’s better to give it to me, you go out to take a breath.”
They hadn’t been together for a long time and he looked agitated. This was a normal physical reaction but her body couldn’t allow it.
The doctor had explained that they couldn’t have a sex life for three months.
Matthew stood still and looked at her.
She pulled the blanket to cover her naked body, but he pulled it to prevent her from covering up.
“What do you want?” she told him to stop.
He said, “You know what I want.”
“But I …”
Before she could finish her words, he took her hand and placed it on his private part. Soon her brain went blank and her face started to turn hot immediately after.
“You …”
He kissed her lips and said softly, “I know, but I miss you so much. Use your hand to help me.”
She was speechless.
This was too ridiculous as they were in hospital now.
“We’re in the hospital now, it’s still daytime and mom is still out there …”
He took her hand and put it inside.
She was extremely nervous as she felt this was so crazy and slutty!
He held her hand tightly and kissed the tip of her nose and mouth, “Mom won’t come in.”
Dolores bit her lips, urging, “Hurry up!”
He didn’t say a word and his irregular pants could be heard with a look of ecstasy on his face.
She peeked, not daring to look at him directly, yet she felt somewhat excited and was completely out of control. She was uptight and whispered, “You …hurry up.”
Matthew smiled and bit her earlobe, “You’re blushing.”
She stared at him, “Shameless.”
His smile turned lighter again.
At this moment, Jessica Lennon knocked on the door and asked, “Has Lola changed your clothes? Give me your dirty clothes, I’ll wash them.”
As she pushed him, Matthew clutched her hand even tighter and she was so anxious that she was sweating.
Then Jessica knocked on the door again, “Lola …”
She bit the bullet and said, “Not …not ready …”
Jessica seemed to have heard it, so she didn’t knock on the door again.
Dolores couldn’t stand it and her cheeks were as if on fire. She felt annoyed and angry, and yelled at him, “Matthew!”
“Shout gently.” He smiled.
She bit her lips and went along with him as she hoped that he could finish soon. Her actions had disrupted his pace …
A low growl was heard when he leaned over her. Then she felt something warm dropped on her hand and this lasted for ten seconds.
After making him satisfied, he kissed her lips.
She pushed him and reached out to take a tissue while he grabbed her hand and said, “I’ll wipe it for you.”
He got up and cleaned himself up, then sat on the bed and wiped her hand with a towel. Her fingers were slender, well-defined, white and soft. He was gentle as he kissed the back of her hand after wiping it clean, “Thank you.”
She drew back her hand. He smiled, changed a basin of clean water, wiped away the smell of sweats from her body and changed the clean clothes for her. Then he poured the water and pulled the curtains open.
The room also became brighter at once.
He went to open the door while Jessica was tidying up outside. When she saw the door open, she asked with a smile, “Has Lola changed her clothes?”
He replied, “Um, let’s change the sheets too.”
She said, “Okay, you carry her out.”
When he was about to carry her, she didn’t allow, “Just help me.”
Jessica took a clean sheet with cover and said, “Isn’t your wound still not completely healed yet?”
“The doctor had told me to walk more.” As Dolores got both feet off the ground, he bent down his body and handed her the slippers, “I’ll help you.
She got angry and kicked him. He quickly grabbed her ankle, “Beat me up when you’re well enough. Now do what you are told.”
Jessica had no idea what was going on, she stood aside and said, “Lola, Matthew has treated you so good enough, don’t be capricious.”
#####Chapter 779 What Kind of Person Did You Find
Dolores lowered her head and glared at him.
At the same time, he smiled lightly.
When they walked out of the inner room, the group of people who had gone to see the children returned.
“Congratulations, congratulations on the birth of your baby,” Boyce Shawn and Armand Bernie spoke in unison and glanced at each other after they finished speaking, then they glanced away in disgust.
Armand had almost recovered from injury and the bandage on his head was removed, but he didn’t have his handsome hairstyle anymore.
However, it didn’t affect his handsome appearance.
Jasmine Burke and Theresa Gordon walked towards Dolores. Theresa even took her from Matthew, “We’ll help you.”
Matthew said, “You guys be careful.”
“Tsk-tsk.” She thought, ‘Show off, but he managed to do so. How can he be not happy since he has a son?’
It was right to ask her to be careful.
Dolores looked at Jasmine and Theresa, she felt that Theresa wasn’t looking well while Jasmine looked white and seemed to have put on weight compared to before.
She grabbed Theresa’s hands and sat on the sofa. Since there was a wound on her stomach, she leaned back more.
“Are you preoccupied?” Dolores asked her.
Theresa lowered her eyes, “Nothing.”
Actually she had been living a depressing and unhappy life these past few days.
After Armand had recovered, Elizabeth started to ask them to go to the hospital and they had done the tests as well.
The results were that her eggs were all of poor quality and she needed to take injections and medication to condition them. She had to be injected six times per day and now there were a dozen needle holes on her waist and hands after only three days.
It might be even more painful after that and she was trying her best to overcome it physically and mentally.
“Why? Did you quarrel with Armand?” Jasmine looked at her.
Before Theresa could say anything, Armand interjected, “Are you cursing us? You and Boyce are the ones who quarrelled.”
She dissed him, “It’s fine if you didn’t. Why are you blowing up? Did I step on your toes?”
“You don’t learn anything good as you stay with Boyce, but your ability to criticize others has increased a lot.”
“I think you’re the one who always bullies him when two of you are together, right?”
“Hey, you brat…”
“What did you call her?” Boyce was close to Armand and he stabbed him with his elbow. Even though there were injuries on his body that hadn’t completely healed, he didn’t feel much pain. He deliberately pretended to be in pain, “Boyce, do you want me to go to hospital again?”
Boyce looked at him, “You don’t have to bluff me. Aren’t you recovered?”
“Who said that I’ve recovered? I don’t care, you have to compensate me.”
“How?” Boyce just watched him pretend.
Without hesitation, he said, “Give me a big red envelope!”
“Impossible!” Boyce put his arm around him and whispered in his ear, “I’ll give it to you when you have a son.”
He even gestured with his hands, showing that the envelope would be as big as a sack.
Armand was speechless.
This made him upset.
Because of the child, Elizabeth had been hastened them and made Theresa suffer.
He was in a dilemma.
Dolores said, “I’m tired, help me into the room, Theresa.”
“Yes,” Theresa said.
She could realize that something was wrong with Theresa.
Theresa helped her into the room.
Dolores explained, “Close the door.”
She closed it and helped her sit on the bed. Dolores asked her to sit as well, “I know you have something on your mind. Can’t you talk to me too?”
She sighed, “No, it’s unspeakable …”
Dolores frowned.
“I’m conditioning my body as I’ve been checked that the quality of my ova isn’t good and I need to take medicine and injections for a month before the check-up. I’m stressed and I’m about to give up before I even start …”
She twisted her head to look out of the window as she felt ambivalent and confused too.
Since she had remarried Armand, she was always being worried and uneasy.
Dolores grabbed her hands and had no idea how to comfort her.
“Is it to find someone?” she was definitely unable to give birth if she had no uterus.
Theresa nodded, “I’ve found someone.”
Dolores felt incredulous, “So fast?”
Theresa nodded helplessly, “Mrs. Bernie is rushing us.” She looked up at Dolores, “Do you know? She got a recipe from somewhere and said it’s useful for nourishing the body. Now she stews it every day for me. I can barely accept, but the thing that makes me hardly accept is the ingredients …”
As she saw her pale look, she reached out to hold her hands. However, she didn’t say the words on tip of her tongue.
Elizabeth wasn’t bad, but it was another story when it came to some old-fashioned ideas and her benefits.
If she persuaded Theresa to give up, how could she gain a foothold in the Bernie family?
Her eyes were moist, “I shouldn’t have helped Armand and let you make up with him. He isn’t bad, he had matured a lot after the incident last time, but he can’t disobey his grandmother when facing her who had raised him. I can understand, but it’s too unfair to you. It’s inconsiderate of me …”
“It has nothing to do with you, don’t blame yourself.” She knew it was because she was soft-hearted. If she herself turned to be stone-hearted, no one could set it up.
Dolores touched her yellowing cheeks and felt bad, “What about later?”
Theresa said, “Hope it goes well.”
She nodded, perhaps she would overcome the hardship if she got through this.
“Just tell me if you need anything.” She wanted to do something for her, yet she found herself unable to do anything.
“You’re also hurt this time, so don’t worry about me and get yourself well.” Theresa pretended to be relaxed.
Dolores still felt uneasy about her and asked, “What kind of person did you find?”
She was afraid that something would go wrong because of the child in the future, thus it had to be careful in choosing the candidate.
#####Chapter 780 Herbal Medicine that Used as Tonic
Theresa said, “We found the person through an agency and we have seen the photo. She looked decent and she was highly educated …”
The introducer said that this woman had a master’s degree. It was really hard to imagine that she could do something like this.
That was probably how money made the mare go.
“Is it reliable?” Dolores asked again.
Theresa answered. “It shouldn’t go wrong. The negotiated price is three hundred thousand dollars and now only twenty thousand dollars has been paid. Only after when the thing goes smoothly, the balance will be paid. Moreover, she doesn’t know any information about me and Armand at all, so it should be able to avoid a lot of trouble in the future.”
They had found a professional agency and they would identify it after the child was born and make sure it was their child before paying the balance. There was no fear of the child being swapped or replaced with another.
Dolores nodded, “Anyway, you guys have to be cautious.”
“Um …”
Knock, knock…
At this time, there was a knock on the door. Theresa stopped talking while Dolores said, “Come in.” Oscar Adams pushed the door open but he didn’t walk in and just stood there.
As he saw Theresa was in the room. he smiled and said, “What are you guys whispering in the room?”
Dolores smiled and said, “We’re just chatting. Has uncle seen the baby yet?”
He said, “Yes, the baby looks like you.”
The baby was still young and no one could tell who it looked like. She said with a smile, “Uncle is good at making me happy.”
“Lola, I’m ready to go back to City C …”
“In such a hurry?” she wanted to keep him for a few days, after all, he had come here.
“I also want to play here for a few more days, but someone who is surnamed Forbis called me to go back.” He smiled, “He also wanted to follow me when I came, but only one of us could leave as we’ve been busy lately, so we play a rock-paper-scissors game to make a decision. I won, so I came first and it would be his turn when I return.”
Theresa couldn’t help but laugh, “How old are you guys? Are you childish as you still play this game?”
He gave her a look, “You don’t know, this is what men do for fun. You wouldn’t understand.”
Theresa said again, “It’s for immature men. Mature men won’t play this kind of game.”
“Theresa, I noticed that you’ve lost weight.” Suddenly the topic changed and his eyes fixed on her, then looked at Dolores. Although Dolores had gone through major surgery, she had recovered well and her face looked rosy while Theresa looked sick.
She laughed, “I’m always thin …”
“Armand didn’t take good care of you, right?” he continued to say, “In my eyes, you’re the same as Lola. If you’re bullied, make sure you tell me and I’ll stick up for you, got it?”
“Yes,” She readily agreed as she knew that he really cared about her.
Oscar rarely came here, so Dolores and Matthew had to entertain him. Since the conditions in the hospital were limited, they went outside to have dinner.
Dolores didn’t go as she stayed in hospital and was looked after by Jessica.
They went as a group.
After dinner, they went home separately and Matthew arranged a hotel for Oscar.
When Armand and Theresa returned home, Elizabeth was sitting in the living room and watching the television while Dora was washing the fruit and peeling it aside. As she saw them come in, she immediately stood up, “Brother and sister are back.”
Dora had no idea how to call them in the past few days, so Elizabeth suggested, “You call me grandma, call them brother and sister.”
Thus she called them in that way.
Elizabeth preferred it and they didn’t have any objections as there was nothing wrong with the address since she was young.
Theresa gave her a response.
“Has sister eaten yet? Do you want me to prepare some food?” she smiled and asked politely.
Theresa said, “No need, we’ve eaten outside.”
Elizabeth beckoned, “Come and sit down.”
Theresa walked over and Armand walked before her and asked, “What happened, grandma?”
“Nothing, can’t you guys watch TV with me for a while?” she felt uncomfortable as she thought Armand only cared about Theresa since they had made up this time and had neglected her.
Obviously, her tone was unpleasant. Theresa felt tired but still had to pretend with a smile, “Are you unhappy? Is it because you feel that we’ve spent less time with you?”
Elizabeth held her hands, “You’re the most understanding one who knows my mind well.”
She lowered her head and didn’t say anything.
“Dora, serve the soup to your sister,” she ordered.
Dora got up and went to the kitchen to get the soup while Theresa trembled slightly when she heard it.
She lifted her eyes, “Can I not drink it?”
“No,” she was particularly resolute.
Dora walked over with a bowl of soup.
“Bring it to the room,” Armand said.
He knew Theresa reject it. That was why he asked Dora to carry it to the room so that she could pour it out if she didn’t want to drink.
Elizabeth felt unhappy and stared at him, “What do you mean?”
“I don’t mean anything, she has just eaten, I’m afraid she won’t be able to drink it. She would drink it later after she has digested.”
“She has to drink it while it’s hot, otherwise it would turn cold.” Elizabeth didn’t listen to Armand and told Dora to serve her the soup.
Theresa couldn’t refuse but to take it.
Before she even drank it, she already wanted to vomit.
When she first started to drink it, she only felt the heavy fishy smell. Until once she saw Elizabeth bring back a bag with something extremely fishy inside and asked Dora to clean up, she asked what it was.
Then she told her it was a herbal medicine that was used as a tonic.
However, when she took a picture of it and looked it up online, it turned out to be …
#####Chapter 781 Consider It as I’m Begging You
Then she took a picture and Googled it. It turned out to be a placenta, and it was indeed beneficial for health.
But...
For Theresa, it was simply unacceptable.
As long as she thought of what it was, her stomach twitched fiercely. She couldn’t even imagine the feeling of drinking the soup stewed by the placenta.
" Come on, Theresa, just drink it while it's hot. The doctor said your body was still weak and you will need this. This is the best tonic I can get. Just eat meat as well. This is beneficial for your body..."
"Eh..."
Before Elizabeth could finish speaking, Theresa had almost thrown up just smelling the taste of the soup.
She ran to the bathroom rapidly and vomited all the food she ate.
Armand gently patted her on the back. "Is the soup really that bad?"
He didn't know what was inside that soup, but what he knew was that Theresa couldn’t accept it.
Theresa washed away the filth, rinsed her mouth, and looked up at him. "Armand Bernie."
Armand asked, "Well, what can I do for you?"
"I'm afraid I can’t hold on to it much longer, so I need to get you ready for what’s coming next." If this went on, she would lose her mind.
She could put up with most things, but she had a bottom line, and this soup thing had crossed the line.
"I have already made a concession, don't push me again and again, you have to consider my feelings..."
"I know." Armand reached out to wipe her mouth, but Theresa turned her head away, "I can't drink that soup."
Armand's hand froze awkwardly. He curled his fingers and retracted slowly.
"Okay, fine, you go in there first, I’ll talk to grandma."
Theresa walked past him sideways.
" Theresa..."
"Grandma."
Elizabeth wanted to call her back but was then interrupted by Armand. He walked over, pushed Elizabeth into the room, and told Dora, "Throw away the soup..."
Elizabeth's eyes popped widely. "Do you have any idea how hard I managed to get this? And you just throw it away?"
It was impossible to get the placenta without the help of staff in the hospital. And that was quite expensive!
Dora stood up and asked, "Am I throwing it away or not?"
"Don’t you do that!"
Elizabeth shouted.
Armand said, "Do as I said, throw it away."
Elizabeth shivered angrily. "What do you want to do?"
Armand ignored her anger, led her into the room, and closed the door.
"Is she unwilling to drink..."
"Grandma, what’s in the soup?" Armand could tell that the reason why Theresa couldn’t accept the soup was some raw material that she couldn’t take.
He didn't know what it was, but he could feel the smell of it.
"I used some help to get the placenta from the hospital. And that cost me a lot…"
Before Elizabeth had finished speaking, Armand interrupted her, and his eyes popped widely because of astonishment. "What?"
"That is very difficult to acquire." Elizabeth still didn't think she was wrong. She just wanted Theresa to get better soon.
The placenta was only available in hospitals. After the mothers gave birth to their children, most people would not take them home. They would just give them to the hospital. And the hospital would keep them and sell them to those in need.
Of course, these buyings and sellings are always conducted in secrecy. You can’t simply go into a market and buy a placenta with money. The placenta can only be bought using a special method and relationship.
Armand was about to go mad. How could Elizabeth be so crazy and reckless?
"Grandma, are you willing to eat this thing?"
"I am fine and I do not need this."
Armand took a deep breath and felt almost suffocated. He tried his best to hold back his anger towards Elizabeth and didn’t lose his mind, "Even I can't accept eating such thing, let alone Theresa."
Armand knelt in front of Elizabeth while speaking. His eyes were covered with a thin layer of tears. He put his hand on Elizabeth's lap and sobbed with his head lifted, "Grandma, if you keep messing around like this, Theresa and I might break up because of you. She has already promised you, what else do you want to do? Huh?! Will you be happy if I break up with her? Is it what you want? Do you know how painful I am? You are my beloved grandma and she is my beloved girlfriend. I don't want to hurt anybody. We all behave carefully and follow your requests just to cater to your will. But why can't you consider our feelings for even once?"
Elizabeth looked at him, "Armand...Armand..."
Armand covered his face, "I am begging you, please stop it, okay?"
There were tears in Elizabeth's eyes. She just wanted to help them, but why couldn't they see her efforts?
Did her kindness and efforts bother them?
Elizabeth also felt wronged.
"Alright, fine, I will just leave you alone, OK?"
Armand sat down on the ground, speechless.
It took him a long time to get up and go to Theresa.
Theresa was still in the room. Armand led Elizabeth to her room and closed the door, so Theresa didn't know what he said to Elizabeth.
"Grandma has promised that she won't ask you to drink that soup in the future." He walked over and said, "Theresa, I'm sorry."
Theresa knew it was difficult for him to deal with the relationship between her and Elizabeth, so she wasn’t upset.
The more tolerant Theresa was, the more embarrassed Armand Bernie felt.
"Do you know? I'm very weak. I don't want you to suffer, but I can't do anything. It feels so bad." He sat on the edge of the bed, with his elbows against his knees. His back bent down and Theresa couldn't see his face.
"I know, and I didn't blame it on you," Theresa said gently.
"You don't blame this on me, but I blame myself for being so weak. If I can be more ..."
"Be more rough-hearted? Abandon your grandma who raised you?"
Armand smiled bitterly, "Yeah."
Theresa patted his head, "I would not love such a man. How can I trust a man who abandons his beloved grandma and his humanity?"
#####Chapter 782 Will You Have a Baby with Boyce？
Armand put his head on her lap and looked out of the window.
Theresa stroked his hair, "What are you thinking?"
After a while, Armand said, "I had a dream a few days ago."
"What kind of dream?" Theresa asked.
In that dream, Theresa had left him. After he woke up in the fear of losing her, he couldn't fall asleep again that night.
He said, "I had a dream about you."
"What did I do in your dream?" Theresa asked.
She really wanted to know what she would be like in his dream.
"You said you want to spend the rest of your life with me." Armand turned to look at her.
Theresa got speechless.
"Why are you keep flirting ..."
From that day on, Elizabeth had never let Dora Clifford cook any soup again.
Theresa went to the hospital for medical checkups and injections every day.
Dolores kept writing popular science about the process of extracting human follicles.
Unlike men, women have limited follicles.
In Theresa’s case, just taking a few follicles was not enough for artificial insemination. Later, medicine would be used to accelerate the process of the maturation of follicles, and then they would be taken out.
As we all know, only one follicle is released every month, and only twelve follicles a year. Extracting more than one follicle at a time is a reckless move and will obviously have negative impact on females’ body. 
She once saw a case on the Internet. A woman who wanted to be pregnant had taken 60 follicles before and after for IVF (In Vitro Fertilization). The whole procedure was conducted again and again for twelve times. She was even injected with different medicine for hundreds of times. Even in the last time, when she was so close to had a baby, pregnancy was terminated for abnormal hormones levels.
How desperate the pregnant women would be when she still can’t have her baby after all these suffering!
The whole procedure was painful and everlasting, and it had even greater crush on the spirit.
If god blesses, everything will be fine and you can have your baby within a year.
There are also people out there who had never succeeded throughout the whole process and eventually gave up in the end.
She continued to scroll the screen.
"What are you reading?"
Jasmine asked with a smile.
Dolores looked up, "Why are you here?"
Jasmine sat down on the bed and said, "Boyce is on a business trip. Can’t I just come over when I am free from all the business?"
"On a business trip?" Dolores was surprised.
"It seems that the boss is going to promote him, but he is appointed to go on a business trip for two months, and then he will be promoted to be a director." Jasmine thought but she couldn’t say that.
Boyce didn’t want her to say anything.
With their status and identity, she had already aware that she must be careful not to talk nonsense.
The boss had indicated what he wanted Boyce to do. But Boyce hasn’t become the official director yet, and she can’t say anything.
But Dolores was fine with it; their relationship is so close that they can understand each other.
Dolores understood, and said, "He might be appointed for a study tour."
Jasmine said, "I don't have any information."
She glanced at Dolores's tablet and saw the content on it. She raised her head and said, "What do you think?"
With three children, there should be no need for...
Soon she realized that maybe Dolores wasn’t doing this for her. Instead, Theresa was doing a popular science about IVF, and she was just browsing related information.
"Ah…" Jasmine thought Theresa would suffer a lot.
Dolores turned off the tablet, put it on the table, and looked at her, "What are you sighing for? I think you and Boyce are in a good relationship."
Jasmine lowered her head with a shy smile, "We’re pretty good."
"Boyce is mature. He is the one you can spend your life with. You have to take good care of him." Dolores said with a smile.
"Of course." There’s no need to stress that.
Boyce is the one just like what Dolores had said.
"Mommy!" A shout of joy was let out.
There’s no doubt that that’s her daughter.
Dolores looked at the door. Soon Amanda ran in rapidly, lay down on the bed and greeted Jasmine, "Jasmine."
Jasmine reached out and stroked her head.
Someone braided her hair. It suits her so well, turning her into a little princess.
"Mommy, we saw the little brother. Why does he look so different from my brother?" Amanda recalled what she had seen. The baby was small with red skin and some wrinkles. He’s not pretty at all.
"Mummy, is there any possibility that we had the wrong baby and this is not my little brother?" Amanda thought that their family members are all good-looking, and her younger brother should be cute-looking too.
"Why do you say that?" Dolores asked his daughter.
"He is ugly."
Dolores almost burst out laughing.
Jasmine chuckled, thinking she was funny.
"He hasn't grown up yet. He won't be ugly since you’re such a cute and beautiful sister." Jasmine explained to her.
"Really?" Amanda said dubiously.
"You’re quite the same when you were just born." Dolores said.
Amanda didn’t understand.
She wouldn’t be so ugly when she’s young. She was the favorite students of teachers at school.
"Mommy, hug me." Amanda crawled onto the bed. She hadn't been hugged by her for a long time, and acted coquettishly in front of Dolores.
Dolores said no.
Her chest was still aching.
Her chest can’t contact anything.
"Hey, you’re a good girl and mommy will hug you when we get home."
Amanda pouted and blinked aggrievedly, "Mommy, weren’t you thinking abandoning me if you have my brother home?"
"Well, I am going abandon you… Why are you thinking about this when you’re so young?" Dolores pinched his daughter's face.
"Mummy, you pinched me so much." Amanda yelled.
In fact, it didn't hurt much.
She yelled loudly on purpose.
Jasmine picked her up, "Let's go out and play, let your mom have a rest."
Amanda put her arms around her neck, looking innocent, "Jasmine, will you have a baby with Boyce?"
#####Chapter 783 You Lie to Me
The girl's words were so unexpected, and Jasmine was lost for a moment, "It should take a long time..."
There were still two years before her graduation.
And they hadn't had sex yet. She had cleaned herself a few days ago. Boyce didn't notice, but anyway she couldn't just say that, “Hey, I am ready to have sex…”
Coral was also here today to see Dolores and the baby.
She talked to Jessica, "Why don't we exchanged, you can take care of the two children at home, and I will take care of Missus in the hospital."
Jessica smiled and said, "The two kids are annoying?"
Coral said, "Nah, you have been tired from family trivia. I don’t want you to be so haggard. You can just stay home and take a rest. Both children are more grown up and obedient. You’ll be happy to spend time with them."
"Thank you for your kindness, but I have to take care of my daughter personally." Jessica patted Coral on the shoulder.
"Grandma." Amanda got out from Jasmine's arms and ran towards Jessica, Andrew sniffed.
He thought his sister would never grow up.
"Jasmine, come over and take a sit." Jessica took Amanda into her arms and waved to Jasmine.
"Boyce is blessed to have such a cute and gorgeous daughter." Coral said. Although Jasmine's family is not very wealthy, she is smart, sensible and good-looking.
One month later…
Dolores was discharged from the hospital, and the baby had come home too. Little baby had gained some weight within a month. His hair was black, and he would stare at people’s eyes when he was held, making him even more adorable.
Amanda was afraid that her mother and father would not love her when they had another baby. Or maybe she wouldn’t be as spoiled as before, but after the baby was home. Her favorite toy was the baby. The first thing she did when she came back from school was to go upstairs and check out her little brother.
Whoever teased her by saying bring her brother away would eventually failed because she would push them out of the room.
After the baby came home, there was more laughter in the house.
Dolores was finally free of restoration this month, but Theresa had a bad month.
After a month of medication and injection, there were three mature follicles after examination. The extraction was very painful. The doctor pierced the woman with a long needle from the most private position of the woman. By using visual medical equipment, doctor would then accurately find the position, and extract the follicles.
Anesthetics can be used during the extraction. But for those with fewer dominant follicles, anesthetics will not be permitted. Anesthetics will affect the success rate of the IVF. This method of extraction is very harmful to women.
After the operation, Theresa was so painful that she couldn’t speak. Her face even turned pale.
After entering the ward, she didn't even notice Armand was talking to her. She can do nothing but looked at the ceiling dumbly and painfully.
Hearing that the operation had succeed, Dora pushed Elizabeth to the doctor’s office.
Now there’s only Armand and her in the ward.
Armand wanted to hug her, but after a month of daily injections her arm were full of bruising.
"Does it hurt?" There was tears in Armand's eyes. "If only I could do this for you."
"I'm thirsty." Theresa said with pain.
During the operation, she had sweated a lot because of pain, and now her mouth was dry and bitter.
It was still hurting below the abdomen. She couldn't move a single finger and it hurt even more when she bent her legs. The only gesture was lying down flatly.
"I’ll get it. I will get it." Armand hurriedly got up to get a cup of water for her. He thought  that Theresa could not get up, and find the straw. He put the straw in the cup and held the other end to her lips. “Come on, open your mouth and drink it.”
Theresa finally opened her eyes. Armand was looking at her, seeing her had woke up, Armand said gently, "The water is here, drink it."
After drinking, Armand asked, "Do you want more?"
Theresa shook her head.
He put down the water glass and asked, "Is it painful?"
Theresa said, "Nah, it doesn't hurt."
"You lied to me. Your face turns pale. You can't get anesthetics during the extraction, and with all the sweat. How can it not hurt?"
Theresa gently smiled, "What can you do?"
Armand asked, "Is there anything you want to eat? I'll buy it for you."
"Buy me something sweet." No matter what it is. Anything, I need anything that is sweet. I think sweet things can make people happy?
She wanted something sweet.
"Okay, I'm going to buy it for you." When Armand was just about to leave, it occurred to him that Theresa need someone to take care of her here. He came back and said, "I'll appoint someone to bring the food here..."
Before he finished his word, Elizabeth came in with Dora, "What do you want to buy?"
Armand looked away from her, and said, "Just something to eat."
"It's too slow for calling the delivery guy. You can just go and get it."
Elizabeth looked at Theresa and said caringly, "Theresa, I am sorry for what you suffered."
Theresa bit her lips. "This is what I must do."
"Armand, why don't you just go and buy whatever you want. Dora and I will take care of her."
Armand didn't move, lowered his head, "I’ll have the delivery..."
Elizabeth was angry about Armand’s attitude, "What do you mean, Armand? Do you think I will abuse your beloved wife?"
"It's not..."
"Not what?" Elizabeth was aggressive.
Theresa turned her head, closed her eyes, and said weakly, "Armand, I don’t need anything. I'm sleepy and want to sleep for a while."
"What do you want to buy?" Elizabeth asked.
Armand covered up the quilt for Theresa, "Grandma, let's go out and give her some space to rest for a while."
Elizabeth was still angry, "You haven't answered my question yet!"
"What do you want me to answer?" Armand couldn’t understand his grandma; how could she be like a completely different person?
"Yeah, whatever, you don't respect me anymore." After saying that, she gave an order, " Dora, take me home."
At this time, the doorbell rang.
"Who will come? I'll go get the door." Dora walked over and open the door.
It’s the delivery guy.
The delivery guy wore a helmet and carried a food container in his hand, "Is Miss Gordon here?"
#####Chapter 784 I Was Bitten by a Dog
“Yes, she is. What are you delivering?” Dora took a glance at the lunch box in his hands.
The delivery man said, “Okay. Could you please tell her to sign for it?”
Armand walked over and said, “Let me do it on her behalf.”
The delivery man gave him the lunchbox and the signature form. Armand took them over and signed. He asked, “Who has ordered it?”
“I’m sorry but I don’t know either.” The delivery man took over the signature form and turned away.
Armand took the lunchbox into the living room, put it on the table, and opened it.
Theresa slowly turned around and asked, “What’s that?”
“Some food.” Opening the box, Armand took out the food - all delicate desserts. Even each small package boxes were quite pretty, which was designed and packaged carefully.
“It’s dessert. You have a sweet tooth. Come one. Pick one.” Armand was quite delighted. Theresa wanted to eat something sweet but the lunch box was delivered, although he didn’t know who had done it.
Armand picked up two of them that could arouse his appetite.
Theresa didn’t make a choice. She asked, “Who has sent it?”
“I asked the delivery man, but he didn’t know. Could it be Dolores? She knew you are having surgery today, so she sent them to you.” Armand made a guess. He believed that it must be from one of his friends.
Theresa blinked and couldn’t figure out anyone else either. Elizabeth had already ruined her appetite. “I don’t have the appetite now. I want to take a nap.”
Armand understood. He said, “Okay. Go ahead. I’ll be waiting for you outside.”
Elizabeth had already asked Dora to push her away.
Armand walked out of the room and waited while sitting on the bench outside.
Theresa was quite tired. Dizzily, she was quite sleepy. Right then, she heard the message tone of her cell phone on the nightstand. She didn’t move or take it over. After a while, she heard the message tone again. After hesitating for a moment, she reached out to get the phone - it was an instant message from Oscar.
He sent her a GIF on which a dog was frightened first. Then he asked, “Have you got the gift from me to you?”
Theresa replied, “What have you sent to me?”
“Some desserts. When we were chatting a few days ago, you said you would do surgery today... I heard it’s pretty difficult for a woman to do it. I want the desserts to get rid of your suffering. Haven’t you received it yet?”
Theresa looked over at the delicate and pretty desserts on the table, feeling quite warm in her heart. When she was emotionally fragile, someone still cared about her, which made her so satisfied and touched.
She curled up her lips into a smile and replied, “Yes, I have.”
“Do you like them?”
Theresa replied fast, “Yes.”
Then she added, “They are so yummy!”
Oscar replied to her with an emoji to express his happiness.
Theresa laughed while staring at the screen.
Oscar sent another message, “I was bitten by a dog.”
Theresa immediately replied, “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine. I bit that dog to death.”
Theresa choked up.
“Haha... Am I fiercer than a dog?”
Staring at the screen, Theresa couldn’t help laughing, thinking that Oscar was way too hilarious.
“Good girl, don’t feel stressed. It’s already the twenty-first century. Having no kid is not a big deal. Those celebrities even prefer to become DINK. Don’t push yourself too hard, OK?”
Theresa covered her nose, feeling sore and bitter for some reason. She sniffed and replied, “Okay.”
“Last time you designed a dress for a lady. She came to the store yesterday and wanted to see you. I told her you are pretty busy. She has recognized your ability. You are so wonderful, Theresa!”
Theresa kept silent when staring at the screen.
Later, Oscar sent her another message, “Take a good rest. If you feel unhappy, just talk to me. I always have time for you.”
Theresa replied, “Okay, I will.”
She put the phone away after holding it for a short moment.
In the villa…
After dealing with his work, Matthew canceled two business parties and went back home.
Amanda and Andrew were still in school.
In the daytime, several adults in the villa were taking care of the little baby.
Particularly, Coral liked it a lot.
So did Jayden. He hadn’t seen Andrew and Amanda when they were little, so he was trying to make up for it on this newly born baby.
The baby was supposed to sleep all day long, but Coral liked holding it in her arms when she was free. Every time, Jayden would say, “Coral, go ahead make the formula milk. I’ll hold it.”
His grown-up grandchildren had gone to school, so he wanted to take care of the youngest one.
Then, Coral would pass the baby to him unhappily.
The baby was still sleeping, so it didn’t need to take any formula milk. Coral believed that Jayden just made an excuse to hold the baby himself.
Jessica said to Dolores, “What a pity that Andrew and Amanda were when they were little. You were pretty busy and I was taking care of them alone. I didn’t have much time to hold them at all. When they were this little, they spent days lying on the bed.”
She must wash the cloth diapers and the babies’ dirty clothes when they were sleeping. Sometimes, they woke up together and wept together. She had to hold them on each arm and coax them.
Right now, the whole family was taking care of the youngest baby.
Dolores reached out and took Jessica’s hand. She said, “Mom, thank you so much for helping me bring them up.”
“I’m your mother. Don’t be silly.”
Dolores smiled. She picked up her purse and said, “I’m taking off now.”
It was time for Theresa to do surgery in the hospital, so Dolores wanted to visit her. Theresa’s family was abroad, so Dolores took herself as Theresa’s only family domestically.
Jessica agreed. “You’ve just finished the confinement. Be careful.”
Dolores said OK.
When she walked out of the door, the driver had been waiting for her. Seeing her come out, he opened the door for her, and she bent over to sit in the car.
Shortly after, Jessica heard the door open. She put away the baby’s clean clothes. She thought that Dolores had forgotten something so she returned. Jessica turned around and said, “What have you forgotten...”
Before finishing her words, she saw that it was Matthew who came in, so she swallowed all her unfinished words and asked, “Matthew, you are back.”
Matthew hummed to answer.
“I came back earlier than usual,” said he.
While he spoke, Matthew changed into slippers and walked to Jayden, who was standing in front of the window while holding his youngest grandson.
Reaching out, he said, “Dad, let me hold him.”
Jayden looked at him and asked, “Have you washed your hand?”
Matthew was choked up.
#####Chapter 785 Perfect
Then Matthew went to wash his hands in the bathroom, rubbing with a bar of hand soap. Taking off his coat, he walked over again. Jayden asked, “Are you so idle in the company? Why did you come back so early?”
Matthew was speechless once again.
“Take a rest, son.”
Hence, Matthew could only sit down on the sofa and watch him.
Jessica put the folded clothes on the sofa and asked, “Matthew, you came back so early to see your son, didn’t you?”
Matthew answered, “Back then, after knowing Amanda and Andrew were my children, I was extremely excited. However, I’m still quite excited now.”
This tiny little baby was his son.
After the baby was born, the doctor told them that it was sent to the neonatal department. Matthew changed into a clean gown and followed the doctor to see the baby - it was lying in an incubator, as tiny as a big mouse. It had bruises all over. The medical monitoring equipment was monitoring her vital signs. It was truly a miracle for him to survive and recover so soon.
Matthew had to praise the wonder of life.
He didn’t believe in God, Buddha, or Jesus. Nor did he believe in anyone that appeared because he wanted to have someone to rely on mentally.
However, when seeing his baby, he was quite grateful to God for sending his baby into this world.
If the baby had died, he would blame himself and suffer for his whole life.
He had signed the agreement at a critical moment.
“Where is Lola?”
He hadn’t seen Dolores after coming home.
“She has gone to see Theresa.” As she spoke, Jessica heaved a sigh. She just thought that Theresa was way too unlucky and pitiful.
“Look! He’s smiling,” said Jayden.
The baby still closed his eyes. He was sleeping, but just now, Jayden saw him smiling.
Coral trotted over to take a look.
Right now, the baby’s lips had already flatted down. Coral was about to question. Then, she saw the baby parted his lips and smiled for real.
“Oops! He’s so adorable. I wonder what he’s dreaming about now as he’s smiling so happily. Have you dreamed about your wife, little fellow?”
Jessica picked up the pile of folded clothes and was about to put them upstairs. She laughed and said, “He’s so little now.”
“In twenty years, he’ll be a handsome boy. He must have a girlfriend,” said Coral.
Jessica laughed and thought that Coral had thought too much.
Right then, Coral heaved a sigh and added, “I wonder if I could still see the scene at that time.”
Jessica said, “You can live to a hundred-year-old.”
Coral smiled.
In the evening, Andrea and Amanda came home after school. Hence, Amanda occupied her younger brother. She lay prone on the edge of the bed. Poking his little cheeks and rubbing his head from time to time.
She said, “This is my younger brother.”
Andrew had been used to it, so he was pretty calm. Sitting next to Matthew and holding his arms across his chest, he asked, “Dad, how do you feel after becoming a father?”
Matthew answered calmly, “It’s not my first time to be a father. I’ve been used to it.”
“How do you feel after becoming an older brother?” he added.
Andrew answered calmly, “It’s not my first time to be an older brother. I’ve been used to it.”
Matthew choked up.
In the evening, Dolores didn’t come back for dinner. The kids worked on their homework while Jayden was watching them.
Coral wanted to hold the baby, so Jessica did the dishes.
The baby was taking the formula milk. His small lips tightly wrapped around the pacifier, sucking very hard. Soon, he finished drinking twenty milliliters up.
Coral put down the milk bottle and wiped his lips for him. The baby was awake just now. After drinking the milk, he fell asleep again.
“Gee... You are like a piglet. After eating, you just sleep.”
Jessica walked over to get the empty mike bottle. She would clean it before putting it into the disinfection cabinet. Upon hearing Coral’s words, she said, “He’s just a little baby, so he can only sleep and eat. He will grow fast in this way.”
Coral smiled. “Who does this baby look like?”
“He followed Matthew,” said Jessica.
Coral said, “He looks like Mrs. Nelson. It’s said that if a son looks like his mother, he’ll be quite lucky.”
“He’s already quite lucky no matter who he follows. Our whole family is serving him now. Besides, he’ll be quite handsome as he looks like Matthew.” With a smile, Jessica looked at the baby in Coral’s arms.  
Usually, a mother-in-law would like her son-in-law more and more. Jessica wasn’t an exception. In her opinion, Matthew was perfect.
“Jesus. Ms. Lennon, I can’t believe you said that. Do you dislike Mrs. Nelson for she’s not so good-looking as Mr. Nelson?” Coral looked at her and couldn’t believe that she disdained her own daughter.
Jessica, however, didn’t disdain Dolores. She just thought that it was a baby boy. If he looked like Dolores, he would be quite girlish. Hence, she thought it was better for the baby to follow Matthew's appearance - good-looking and manly.
“No matter who he looks like in the future, he wouldn’t be ugly,” said Coral.
Jessie agreed with a smile, taking the milk bottle away.
In the evening, Dolores would take care of the baby herself. Jessica offered help, but Dolores insisted on taking care of the baby for a while.
When it was bedtime, Coral carried the baby upstairs.
Matthew was alone in the bedroom. He had taken a shower and put on the pajamas. He planned to read some documents next to the window.
He was sitting with his legs crossed elegantly. Half of his handsome face was in the shadow, and the other hand under the light, which showed his sharp outline.
Coral put the baby into the baby's cot and whispered, “Mrs. Nelson hasn’t come back yet.”
“She’ll be back later," Dolores called Matthew earlier and told him that she would accompany Theresa longer as no one was taking care of her.
Coral walked out of the bedroom and closed the door.
A while later, the baby started crying in the baby’s cot suddenly.
#####Chapter 786 Only Wanted to Enjoy the World of a Couple
Matthew walked over and held him in his arms. His posture was awkward and unskillful.
He seldom had chances to hold the baby after it came back, so he was quite inexperienced.
He patted and swayed the baby gently, but the baby wasn’t calmed down. Instead, it cried more and more fiercely.
“Wah... Wah...”
Matthew wondered if the baby was hungry. He put it down and was about to make the formula milk. Right then, Coral came back. Seeing the baby weeping so hard, she asked, “What happened?”
Matthew said, “Probably he’s hungry...”
“He has just had some milk before sleeping. I don’t think he’s hungry.” Coral held the weeping baby in her arms.
Matthew made the formula milk and passed it to the baby, but he refused to take it.
“See? I’ve told you he’s not hungry.” Coral put the baby on the bed and took off the one-piece clothing for him and opened the diaper. Same as she had thought...
Matthew watched her while standing aside.
He didn’t know what he could do.
Coral got some water, wiped the baby with a wet towel, and washed his butt with the warm water.
After she changed the clean diaper for the baby, the little fellow stopped crying. Rarely, he didn’t fall asleep. Instead, he widened his eyes and stared at the man who was looking at him.
Since they were afraid the disposable diaper could cause rashes, so they used the diaper cloths for the baby. Coral needed to wash the changed diaper, so she took the basin of water together downstairs.
Matthew sat down on the edge of the bed, and the little baby looked over at him. A one-month-old baby couldn’t see anything that was too far away, so he could only stare at the thing in a short distance.
Matthew waved his hand in front of the baby, who followed the movements curiously as if the baby was wondering what it was.
Later, he heard some footsteps toward upstairs. Then Dolores pushed the door open and came in.
She put down the purse and case a glance at her son. “Armand hired a young nanny.”
When she went to see Theresa, only Armand was there. It was that nanny who delivered the dinner to Theresa. Elizabeth seemed to like the nanny a lot, kept calling her name.
Matthew had no interest in such a matter, still gazing at his son.
Dolores patted him. “I’m talking to you.”
Matthew said, “I know Armand has hired a young nanny. What does it have anything to do with me?”
Dolores choked up.
She sat on his lap, wrapped her arms around his neck, and said, “Let’s find a young and pretty nanny for ourselves as well, shall we?”
Matthew curled up his lips into a smile. “Man or woman?”
Dolores asked, “Which one do you prefer? Man or woman?”
“What about a woman?...”
Before he finishes speaking, he felt a pinch on his waist.
Matthew whispered, “Are you trying to kill your dear husband?”
Dolores released him. Looking serious, she said, “I’m serious. I wonder what’s on Armand’s mind. Why didn’t he hire a married and elder nanny? Such a nanny works hard. The young one...”
“Although Armand has some character defect, he wouldn’t do anything beyond his principles. Don’t worry too much.”
Dolores heaved a sigh. She wasn’t worried that Armand would do anything, but she was afraid the young nanny would have an evil mind.
“Two years ago, there was a case that a nanny set up a fire. That case could show how greedy a person could be. I don’t have any discrimination against them, but I know young girls can’t bear the material temptation at all...”
“Enough,” Matthew interrupted her. “You’re always worried about others.”
“They are not others. Theresa is a family of mine, and Armand is your...”
“I’m sleepy now.” Matthew lay down next to the baby, holding it in his arms. Obviously, he refused to discuss others with her.
Dolores quieted down.
She couldn’t insist on talking about it, so she could only stand up and took a shower before going to bed.
One week later, Theresa was informed that the embryo cultivation failed, let alone the transplant.
Nowadays because of the advanced techniques, it was rare for embryos to stop developing during cultivation   
According to the doctor, it might be a matter of the egg. If they wanted to continue, Theresa needed to continue to take the injections for the ovulation induction. Then cultivation would start again.
Immediately, Elizabeth said, “We must do it again. I can’t let the Bernie family have no later generations.”
How ridiculous for someone in the modern era to say those words! So many people were even afraid of getting married and giving birth.
Some were afraid that it would be difficult to raise the children, and some didn’t want to give birth at all and only wanted to enjoy a world of a couple.
Of course, some people wanted to give birth but they couldn’t.
For this kind of people, it was indeed suffering.
Armand didn’t speak at all. He picked Theresa up. Instead of going back home, he rented an apartment outside.
He knew that Theresa might have a health problem if they continued doing it. It would be quite harmful to her. They couldn’t destroy Theresa just because his grandmother wanted a great-grandchild.
On the other hand, Elizabeth went to pray in a temple. She also went to see a fortune teller.
She told her family conditions to the fortune teller, and the fortune teller said he must go to see her house before ensuring what was going on.
Hence, Elizabeth invited the fortune teller back home.
Later, the fortune teller said that there was something wrong with the geomantic omen of her house. However, he could resolve it for her as long as she was willing to pay.
Of course, Elizabeth didn’t think it was a big deal as long as the money could solve the problem.
Without any hesitation, she just wished that her dream would come true. Hence, the fortune teller did some Taoism rituals in her house.
No matter if it worked, Elizabeth was relieved after spending so much money. She believed that the next time would be a success.
They failed this time because something was wrong with the geomantic omen in her house.
After settling down Theresa, Armand came back home. He wanted to pack the luggage for him and Theresa.
Then, he found the British-styled clock was removed from the living room. Instead, there were two swords made of the peach tree, between which there was a mirror.
Armand frowned and asked, “What are these things?”
#####Chapter 787 Storks
Elizabeth was napping in her bedroom. Usually, when Armand wasn’t in, Dora would take care of her. Upon hearing Armand’s question, she told him that Elizabeth had invited a fortune teller over and did a Taoism ritual in the house.
“The master said Theresa must sleep in the bedroom.”
Armand knew how eagerly Elizabeth was to have a great-grandson. Much to his surprise, his grandmother would be so superstitious.
He walked into the bedroom of him and Theresa. Pushing the door, he saw several dolls of the storks with incense on the table. The bedroom looked and smelt quite weird.
He could hardly believe his eyes - if Theresa saw this room, he was sure that she would become so depressed.
Even Armand believed that he was going nuts.
Fortunately, he didn’t take Theresa home. Now he felt so lucky. He entered the room, opened the cabinet, and found a suitcase. Then he started putting their clothes into the suitcase.
After he finished packing, Elizabeth woke up when he was about to leave. Seeing him pulling the luggage, she asked, “Where are you going? Where is Theresa? Shouldn’t she come home today?”
“I sent her to City C. She’s busy there...”
“What’s so important than having a baby? It’s not her fault although the cultivation failed this time. The master said it was because there was something wrong with the geomantic omen in our house. I’ve invited him to do a Taoism ritual for us. Next time, it’ll definitely work. Hurry. Take her home.”
“Grandma! She’s a human. You can’t treat her as a tool to give birth...”
“What are you talking about? She’s also your wife. Isn’t it natural for your wife to give birth to your babies?” Elizabeth was anxious. “Hurry! Take her back home.”
“No way. She’s left.”
Elizabeth hit him several times in anger. “Hurry up! Take her back!”
“No way.” Armand was quite determined.
Elizabeth was furious, wondering if he wanted to piss her to death. “Do you want me to die? All right. I’ll kill myself in your presence.”
Elizabeth turned her wheelchair and was about to hit the wall.
Armand stood motionlessly. He said, “Grandma, you haven’t had a great-grandson yet. If you died, how would you explain to the late family members in heaven? You’d better not die.”
After speaking, he pulled the luggage and left.
Elizabeth was so pissed off. Grabbing a teacup from the table, she tossed it on Armand’s back.
“What out...” Dora hurriedly reminded him.
Armand looked back at Elizabeth. Tilting, he dodged the teacup, which was smashed onto the wall.
He said to Dora indifferently, “Take good care of my grandmother. If you can delight her, I’ll give you a bonus.”
“Armand!”
“Grandma, I’m going to City C for a while. After Theresa gets better, we’ll come back.” After finishing his words, Armand walked out of the house without looking back.
Elizabeth patted the armrests on the wheelchair in anger. “Armand, you want me to die, don’t you?” she yelled.
No matter how hard Elizabeth yelled or wept, Armand didn’t look back.
He knew that his grandmother would be reluctant to die. She still wanted to have a great-grandson.
The apartment that Armand rent wasn’t big, with only a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, and a bathroom. It was good for the two to stay. They didn’t need to prepare for anything as there were all kinds of stuff in the apartment, so they directly moved in.
The apartment was also close to Armand’s law firm.
When he came back, Theresa was napping on the bed. Since the apartment had one bedroom and living room, both were quite spacious. The decoration in the bedroom was pretty neat - with light pink walls, a white big bed, simple-styled lamps, and curtains in warm colors. There was a hanging chair on the balcony, on which there were a white curry cushion and pink squared pillows. A four-story flower shelf was opposite the hanging chair with many green plants and fresh succulent plants. There was also an oval glass jar with algae and colorful stones. In the jar, several fishes could be often seen in the market, which was swimming happily, looking quite energetic.
All the decoration showed the people staying in the apartment loved life a lot, making Armand feel quite delighted.
Seeing that Armand was hanging on the clothes in the cabinet, Theresa was worried. “We just suddenly moved out. Will Grandma be angry?”
Armand didn’t look back at her. He said, “She’s always unhappy. If she gets angry, she was making it difficult for herself.”
After finishing hanging on the clothes, he put the suitcase onto the cabinet above. Then he walked to the bed and sat on the edge, “I know you felt quite depressed when staying home, and so did I. I don’t want to see you suffer...”
Theresa pressed her lips.
Armand reached out and tossed her hair to the back of her ear and whispered, “My dear Theresa...”
Theresa hummed to respond.
Armand continued, “What would you like to eat? I’ll cook for you.”
Actually, he wanted to tell her to think about nothing. All she needed to do was to take good care of herself.
However, he was afraid that she would overthink after hearing his words, so he swallowed them back.
“Can you cook?”
Theresa didn’t know he had such a skill.
Armand smiled, tucking her into the quilt. “Let’s enjoy every moment being together.”
Theresa looked at him and said yes.
“Have a rest. I’ll call you went the meal is ready.”
Theresa agreed.
Armand stood up, walked out of the bedroom, and closed the door.
Theresa lay down aside. Looking at the strange apartment, she relaxed a lot.
At this time, she was so afraid of facing Elizabeth. If it had succeeded, everything would be fine. However, it failed.
She wondered what Elizabeth would bitch about.
She guessed that it might be nothing pleasant to hear.
Theresa shook her head, getting rid of the messy mind. Fortunately, they were not at home now. Even Elizabeth was bitching about her, Theresa wouldn’t hear it. Out of sight, out of mind.
She couldn’t sleep, so she got up, put a coat on her shoulders, and sat on the hanging chair. Reaching out her fingers, she teased the fishes in the jar.
#####Chapter 788 Why Can’t We Be Dating
When Armand came in after finishing cooking, he saw Theresa teasing the fishes as soon as he opened the door. He noticed her smile, which he hadn’t seen for a long time.
He wondered when he had seen her smiling last time.
It seemed to be centuries ago.
He wasn’t willing to break the rare silence, so he leaned against the door and watched her silently.
After a while, when Theresa saw him, he strode over.
Theresa asked, “How did you find this place?”
Armand answered, “There are a lot of house hunting apps nowadays. As long as I’m willing to pay, I can find a good apartment.”
Theresa understood. Although this was a small apartment, not as big as his house, it was quieter. She also felt quite cozy when staying here. When she was home, she even had to be careful when speaking, afraid of pissing Elizabeth.
If she continued to stay home, Theresa was afraid that she would be suffered from depression soon.
She stood up from the hanging chair. Since she was sitting there for a long time, her right leg went numb. She almost lost her balance and fell on the floor. Armand acted quickly and held her.
Theresa looked up, only to find that he was looking at her. He whispered, “Are you alright?”
She shook her head and said, “I’m fine. My leg went numb after I’ve sat for so long.”
Armand lifted her and carried her in his arms. Theresa struggled. He held her more tightly. “Stay still. Let me hold you for a while. It’s been a long time.”
He looked down at her and continued, “You’ve lost so much weight.”
Theresa gently curled up her lips into a smile. “Am I thin?”
“Of course.”
Armand put her on the chair next to the table, on which there were three light dishes - stir-fried green vegetable, stewed eggs and tofu with shrimps, and the seaweed soup.
Theresa looked at the dishes on the table in disbelief. “Did you cook them all?”
Armand said, “I didn’t lie to you. I’ll cook for you every day from now on. How can I deceive you?”
Picking up a spoon, he got some tofu and put it in her bowl. He said, “I used to cook for myself before. Later, I stopped.”
He was the only man who could cook among Boyce, Matthew, and himself.
Theresa picked up the spoon and tasted the tofu. It wasn’t as delicious as the dishes cooked by the chefs in the restaurants.  
However, for her, she could only eat such light dishes right now. In the past month, her mouth was fulfilled with bitterness.
Armand said, “Let’s go out after lunch.”
Theresa asked, “Where are we going?”
“To my law firm,” Armand answered. “In the past few weeks, you were always at home or in the hospital. It’s time to meet others. Just take it as a relaxing method.”
Theresa thought for a moment. Even if she wouldn’t go out with him, she would stay home sleeping. She’d rather go out for some fresh air. Hence, she agreed and said, “Okay.”
After lunch, Armand did the dishes. Then he found her an outfit.
Theresa said, “I like what I’m wearing now.”
She checked on her clothes and found it was all right.
Armand took a new dress out of the cabinet and asked her to put it on.
He wanted her to be delighted in this way.
Theresa took the dress over and said, “Will I be delighted after putting on a new dress?”
Armand said, “At least you need some change.”
Theresa agreed. She put on the new dress and went out with him. They were walking hand in hand out of the unfamiliar community. Probably it was because they were in a strange place when they were walking, they couldn’t help looking around the environment.
It was a big community. Apartment buildings were quite distant from each other. There were reasonable greening areas inside the community, and there were also security guards at the entrance.
Armand reached out his arm and let Theresa take it.
Theresa refused and said, “We’re not dating now. Stop doing it.”
“Why can’t we be dating?” Armand asked, forcibly grabbing her hand to take his arm.
He said, “This community is close to my law firm. Let’s walk there.”
Theresa agreed.
It was a cool day today, so they walked slowly. When passing by the silver birches along the road, they saw lush leaves and branches. Occasionally, a gust of wind blew through the leaves, making them clatter.
Shortly after, they walked into the law firm. As soon as they entered, they heard someone weeping. Armand became a bit tense, pausing immediately.
Theresa wondered what happened to him.
Armand was all his ears while listening to the weep.
Theresa pushed him gently and asked, “What are you doing?”
Armand was afraid that Elizabeth would come here to make a fuss after failing to find him.
She had done such things at home already. He could imagine that his grandmother could come over to make a scene and bitch about him despite her public image.
He almost went nuts because of Elizabeth, afraid that she was crying.
After listening to the voice carefully, he didn’t think it was his grandmother. The woman’s voice was younger than Elizabeth's.
He patted Theresa on her hand and said, “Nothing. Let’s go in.”
Theresa looked at him, wondering why he was so nervous just now.
When they entered, they saw a mid-aged woman who was crying hoarsely in the reception room.
A lawyer was standing next to her, looking at her helplessly. He couldn’t talk to the woman at all as she came here weeping only. She couldn’t tell him about the details. How could he help her?
Armand asked the receptionist, “What’s going on here?”
“Mr. Bernie, this lady has been here for a long while. She said she wants a lawyer to help her daughter. After Anderson came over, she kept crying without speaking. Hence, Anderson could only stand here and pass the tissue to her.”
As she spoke, she also heaved a sigh, wondering what exactly happened to make this woman crying so miserably.
Armand walked over and asked Anderson to go back to his work. He could take care of this mid-aged woman.  
Instead of asking the woman what happened, he waited for her to calm down. He could tell that she was way too excited. If she couldn’t calm down, how could she tell him why she had come to find a lawyer?
Armand asked Theresa calmly, “Are you thirsty?”
Theresa pitied the woman a lot. She asked, “Aren’t you going to ask her what happened?”
Armand didn’t answer her. He went to pour two glasses of water, one for Theresa, and one for the woman.
He asked, “Theresa, would you like to wait for me in my office?”
Theresa shook her head. She still wanted to listen to the woman, wondering why she cried so hard.
The woman found that Anderson had left the room, but she didn’t know who the man and the woman in front of her were. She asked, “Who are you?”
Armand helped Theresa sit down on the sofa and said, “I’m one of the lawyers here. You can tell me why you’ve come here. If you haven’t thought it over, you can go home and think it through. Then you may decide if you still want to come here or not.”
#####Chapter 789 Destined
“How can I go home? I want to sue my son-in-law. I’ve been to several law firms. When they heard that I’m going to sue the Day family, they dared not to receive me at all.” As she spoke, the woman started shedding tears again.
Armand still kept calm. He picked up the glass of water and handed it to her. “Please have some water. Take it easy.”
Theresa didn’t know much about City B, so she whispered in Armand’s ear, “Is the Day family a famous one?”
Otherwise, how could no lawyer be willing to represent her?
Armand whispered to answer, “An influential family.”
There were a lot of wealthy families in City B.
So were powerful ones.
There were also wealthy and powerful ones.
The woman’s eyes were reddish and swollen. Probably she had cried for a long time. Obviously, it was indeed a difficulty for her.
She took over the water glass from Armand’s hands, trembling. She gulped it down in one go. Since she had been weeping for a long time, she was quite thirsty.
Armand asked the receptionist to get her another glass of water. The woman immediately said, “No, thanks. I’m fine now.”
The receptionist still got a glass of water for her.
Finally, the woman calmed down and said, “My daughter died unjustly...”
Armand rubbed between his eyebrows. He could tell that the woman became excited again.
Sure enough, she shed tears again.
...
After a while.
The woman started speaking. Although she stopped from time to time, she told them the details. Her daughter had married into an influential family and given birth to a son. However, her son-in-law cheated on her daughter. He asked his son to call his mistress Mom.
The woman’s daughter didn’t accept and nor did she agree to divorce. However, the Day family forced her to divorce, giving her a house and more than two million as compensation. The woman’s daughter was reluctant. She wanted her son.
Her son was the later generation of the Day family, so they were not willing to give him to her.
The woman’s daughter was so reluctant. She couldn’t accept that her son would call another woman Mom. When she was extremely excited, she jumped off from the house left by her ex-husband with her son in her arms.
The mother and the son jumped from more than the twentieth floor, both beyond recognition.
The Day family was quite angry about it. They didn’t care if the woman’s daughter died, but she died with her son...
The woman couldn’t accept the fact that her daughter was forced to commit suicide by the Day family, so she wanted to sue her ex-son-in-law.
Upon hearing her words, Theresa was frightened. Her mood became quite bad.
Armand asked her to go to his office, but she refused.
“When they heard that I’m going to sue the Day family, they dared not to take the case at all. You...”
Armand said, “Do you have any evidence to prove your son-in-law cheated on your daughter when they were still married?”
The woman said excitedly, “My daughter has seen them personally...”
Armand interrupted her, “I meant the solid evidence. Your daughter is dead, so she can’t be any evidence. Besides, she jumped off from the building by herself. If you don’t have solid evidence, no one dares to represent you in this lawsuit. The Day family is rich and powerful. Besides, there wouldn’t be any lawsuit if there was no evidence. Please think if your daughter used to have any solid evidence when she was still alive.”
The woman was quite excited. “He’s going to marry his mistress. Isn’t it evidence?”
Armand said, “You said she’s a mistress, but you need evidence to prove it. Otherwise, they can sue you for slander.”
The woman was rendered speechless instantly.
Theresa poked Armand with her elbow, hinting at him to be gentle and not scare the woman.
“Then, what should I do?” As she spoke, the woman started crying again.
Armand said, “You can go home first and think about if your daughter has left you something or said something before. When you’ve sorted everything out, you can come to me again.”
The woman didn’t believe him. “Do... Do you mean you will be my lawyer?” She was overexcited, pulling out a band card from her purse. “I just need justice for my daughter. Here’s three million in this card. I can give you all.”
Her daughter got more than two million for the divorce, in addition to the savings of her husband and her. Now she didn’t want anything but justice for her daughter. She couldn’t let her daughter die like this.
Armand pushed the card back to her and said, “You should go home and think if you truly want to file a lawsuit to sue them.”
“Do you mean you won’t be my lawyer?” The woman looked down immediately.
Armand didn’t answer. He stood up and asked the receptionist to walk the woman out.
Theresa was puzzled as well. She asked, “Are you afraid of getting into trouble?”
Armand said, “Others dared not to represent her because it’s not a good case. It’ll be easy to induce criticisms on themselves.”
Theresa was quite compassionate to that woman.
She said, “Now the network is quite advanced. It should be a piece of news in City B. Why haven’t I seen it on news before?”
Armand explained, “It must have been suppressed.”
Theresa heaved a sigh. “The poor could hardly survive, could they?”
Armand looked at her. “Why do you think she’s poor? She could offer three million.”
“Wasn’t it from the divorce?” said Theresa.
Armand walked over, reaching to hold her. “The woman’s son-in-law was heartless, but he didn’t kick out his ex-wife without giving her anything. He gave her a house and some money, but he was too ruthless. The woman’s daughter went to an extreme. When she committed suicide, she also wanted to take her son’s life away. She was also quite selfish.”
Theresa also thought that the woman had gone too far as she died with the child. Although Theresa couldn’t give birth now, she used to be pregnant. She knew how important a child was for the mother.
The woman’s daughter could be so cold-hearted to let her son die. Theresa believed that she must be forced to an extreme.
“You’d better follow up on this case. Even if you don’t want to represent her, I want to know more details about it.”
Armand pinched her nose. “I didn’t know you like gossips, too.”
Theresa thought for a while. “It’s not a gossip.”
Armand agreed. It wouldn’t be too late if he made the decision after knowing all the details.
“You must do some good deeds. As the result of karma, we probably could make it next time,” said Theresa in a soft tone.
Armand felt so creepy. If the words were said by Elizabeth, he would think it was normal. But, he heard it from Theresa, for which he couldn’t accept at all. “Are you also superstitious?”
Elizabeth alone could make him so uneasy.
Armand was extremely nervous. “We didn’t make it not because we didn’t do any good deeds or because of the karma. We have never done anything guilty. It’s destined. The baby is not destined to appear right now, so we can’t have it no matter what we do.”
#####Chapter 790 The Sunrise Is Quite Beautiful on South Mountain
Armand paused a bit and continued, “If it’s destined that we can’t have children, we must accept it peacefully. We shouldn’t insist.”
Theresa didn’t mention Elizabeth, which might impact their current atmosphere.
Anderson Smith knocked on the door. He was the lawyer who received the woman just now.
He asked Armand if he had decided to help that woman.
Armand said, “I didn’t say no or yes.”
It would depend.
Anderson said, “I was told it’s both good and bad if we decide to represent her. It’s like a double-edged sword with both advantages and disadvantages. If we won, our law firm would have a new raise of reputation. If not, we would be doomed. After all, the family she wants to sue isn’t a common family.”
Armand asked him, “What do you mean?”
In the past, Armand cared about fame and interests. Now, he didn’t. If the woman’s daughter was forced to commit suicide, Armand would take this case.
No matter who the other party was, no one could defy the law.
“I suggest not taking the case. At least, we can keep what we have now. Once we failed...”
“Anderson, I know what you meant. I’ll consider about it,” Armand interrupted him and said, “You know me well. Although I haven’t taken a case in person for a long time, I have my principles.”
Anderson reminded him, “Once you’ve taken the case, you’ll offend them.”
Armand said, “I know.”
Anderson heaved a sigh. “Okay. Please think twice.”
After finishing his words, he turned around and left the room.
After Anderson was gone, Theresa walked over and asked Armand, “What do you think?”
Armand didn’t answer her. Pulling Theresa out of the room, he asked the receptionist, “Has the woman just now left any contact way?”
“She filled out the registration form when she came here. We have her address.” The receptionist showed him the record. Then Armand put it on the desk and walked out of the firm while holding Theresa’s hand.
Theresa didn’t understand what he planned to do, so she asked, “What do you want?”
“I want to take this case.”
Theresa asked, “Why? I can tell just now Anderson wanted to convince you not to take it.”
“No reason. I just thought if a woman was willing to die with her own son, it must be because she was forced to the dead end. I want to know the truth of this case and seek justice for the dead,” Armand answered while walking.
Theresa didn’t speak. Inwardly, she supported him.
A just lawyer was a good lawyer.
They drove towards the woman’s house.
The woman’s family was outside the Fifth Ring Road. It was a three-story house with a small yard, in front of which was a temporary funeral shed. The dead hadn’t been buried yet. In front of the coffin, there were two cinerary caskets, which were covered with a red cloth.
The woman who had just been to the law firm was crying in front of the coffin. A few people were next to her. They should be close family or friends to her.
After parking their car, when Armand and Theresa were about to go over, they saw several cars arrive. They didn’t stop until they drove to the front of the entrance, right in front of the funeral shed.
Soon, more than a dozen people got off.
Seeing them, the woman became quite emotional. “Why are you here?”
The man in the lead was in a suit, looking like a successful man. He emanated a temperament with his every movement. He said ruthlessly, “He’s my son. Of course, I should take him away.”
This man was that mid-aged woman’s ex-son-in-law, the ex-husband of the dead woman.
The woman burst into tears. “Your son? You’ve been fully lured by that temptress! How can you still care about your son? Your son is dead...”
Before she finished speaking, the man pinched her neck. “If it weren’t for your daughter, how could my son die?”
“You fucking bastard!” Right then, the dead woman’s younger brother rushed to him.
The man had brought some experienced bodyguards, who were quite skilled in fighting. Before the young man got closer, he was knocked down. He fell in front of the coffin and knocked off the basin of the burning offerings to the dead.
A tall, slender, and good-looking woman next to the man took a chance of the mess and walked up. She picked up the smaller casket. Noticing the bigger one next, she purposely knocked it over. With a loud band, the casket fell on the ground and was broken. All the relatives of the dead were irritated. They circled around them all of a sudden.
There was chaos in front of the funeral shed. With the bodyguards’ help, the woman walked to the man in a suit with the small casket in her arms. She said, “I didn’t mean to do it.”
The man wasn’t angry because his ex-wife’s casket was broken. Instead, he took over his son’s and said, “Let’s leave.”
The bodyguards helped them sit in the car protectively.
Soon they had gone, leaving a chaotic scene behind. A lot of family members got injured. Those bodyguards were quite powerful. They couldn’t win against those bodyguards at all.
All of them were lying on the ground, crying and moaning miserably.
Theresa and Armand watched the scene not far away from them. Armand also took the video of what happened just now.
“Was the woman just now that mistress?” Theresa could tell that she purposely knocked over the casket. That woman was way too vicious.
Armand said, “I guess so.”
Since the man’s ex-wife could be forced to death, the mistress must be a scheming one.
“Armand, you must help this family. The Day family has gone too far!”
She saw the mid-aged woman crying while holding her daughter’s casket.
Armand sighed. “I do want to help them, but they must be cooperative.”
It seemed that the woman couldn’t do anything except for shedding tears. He didn’t have a clue how to help them.
“Shall we go over?” asked Theresa.
Armand said, “Wait for a moment. Let’s go there after they’ve calmed down. If we go to ask them about the case right now, I’m afraid we can’t get any information.”
Theresa said, “Okay. I agree with you.”
It was a weekend and Boyce was on vacation. He deliberately came back to visit Jasmine from another city.
However, Jasmine didn’t know that Boyce would come back as he hadn’t called her. During the weekend, since Boyce wasn’t home, she joined an outdoor activity organized by the school.
After receiving Boyce’s call, Jasmine knew that he had come back to town.
“Why didn’t you call me earlier?” Jasmine complained while sitting on a stone next to the brook. Right then, she was on a mountain. She had finished setting up a tent with her classmates.
Boyce’s coworker suggested he go back without informing Jasmine ahead for a surprise. Boyce thought that she would like it. Much to his surprise, Jasmine went out because she didn’t know about his return.
Boyce asked, “Where are you now?”
Jasmine answered, “On South Mountain. I heard the sunrise here is quite pretty. My classmates and I came to watch the sunrise...”
“I’ll go find you there.” After finishing his words, Boyce hung up the phone, got in his car, and was about to find Jasmine on South Mountain.
#####Chapter 791 I’ll Go Fetch You
The sky was already dark when Boyce arrived.
Jasmine and her classmates were having barbeque beside the stream on the hill. They brought charcoal, various meat and vegetable skewers and some DIY vegan skewers. The guys helped in cooking the skewers, while the girls helped to set up clothes in front of the tent and placed drinks and fruits on them.
Jasmine was a little distracted. She kept looking at her watch and estimating how long was it until Boyce arrived.
“Jasmine, what’s wrong? You looked distracted after picking up that call,” one of Jasmine’s classmates laughed at her, “Did you miss your husband?”
They were close friends of Jasmine’s, so they knew she was married.
“I wasn’t,” Jasmine looked down, “I was thinking about the clothes on the balcony. I wanted to go home and…”
“Don’t be a killjoy. It’s dark, and it’s not going to rain tonight. The clothes are fine on the balcony,” one of the guys who was cooking the skewers overheard their conversation chimed in.
“He’s right. You don’t come out with us often, so don’t be a killjoy this time. Furthermore, it’s getting late. How are you going to get back to the city? It’s dangerous. You better stay.”
Everyone was convincing Jasmine and told her not to leave. It was getting late, and the road going downhill was dangerous.
Jasmine couldn’t say anything. She took out her phone and texted Boyce to ask him whether he was coming.
“I’ve arrived at the foot of the hill,” Boyce replied.
Jasmine looked at her classmates and said, “My husband came to fetch me…”
“Wow, your husband is here?” Jasmine got surrounded by three girls before she could finish her words, “Ask your husband to come here. We want to meet him.”
Jasmine felt awkward, “I…”
“Don’t be stingy. We won’t take your husband away from you. We just want to meet him,” Jasmine’s classmates wanted to meet the man who Jasmine loved and protected.
“He’s busy. He often has time…”
“Alright, Jasmine. Don’t be a killjoy. Introduce him to us. We might not have to chance to meet him next time.”
Jasmine felt resigned. They were pretty close friends. It wasn’t good to reject them so harshly.
So, Jasmine texted Boyce: Can you come up please? My classmates wanted to meet you.” she added, “I’ll reject them if you don’t want to.
Boyce replied after a while: I’ll come up.
They were Jasmine’s classmates. If he refused to meet them, it could affect the relationship between Jasmine and her classmates.
Jasmine smiled and replied Boyce: I’ll come to meet you.
Boyce replied: I’m fine. The road downhill wasn’t exactly easy to drive.
Jasmine texted: I know the way. But you have to drive slowly. That’s it. I’m coming to get you.
Jasmine kept her phone away and stood up, “I need to go get him. He didn’t know the way.”
“I’ll go with you,” a girl stood up, “We’ll look out for each other.”
Jasmine agreed, “Sure.”
The girl grabbed a flashlight. Jasmine and the girl held hands and got off the hill. They even told the other classmates, “Keep working. Get everything done when we come back.”
“Be careful. It’s dark down there,” another classmate told them.
“Yes, we will,” the girl answered.
It was easier to get up the hill than going downhill. Furthermore, it was night-time, and they had to depend only on the beam of the flashlight. It was even more dangerous.
Jasmine and the girl walked very slowly. After around half an hour, they saw a beam. The girl asked, “Is that your husband over there?”
They could only see the beam and light movement. It should be Boyce, considering nobody would head uphill at this time.
Jasmine wasn’t sure, “It should be him.”
The girl waved at Boyce with their flashlight, “Jasmine’s here!”
The beam immediately shone in their direction.
The girl said excitedly, “It’s your husband!”
Boyce asked them to stop moving around. He told them that it was slippery and to be wary not to fall.
Jasmine and the girl stayed put. After a while, Boyce approached them with the built-in flashlight in this phone.
The girl was excited to see Boyce. She reached out her hand and said, “Hi, I’m Elaine Jenkins, Jasmine’s classmate.”
Boyce shook her hand and withdrew his hand very quickly.
Jasmine walked to him. She can’t really see his expression in the dark. She asked, “Why didn’t you tell me that you’re coming back?”
If Boyce told her that he was coming back, Jasmine wouldn’t come out at all. She would stay home and wait for him to come home. Jasmine didn’t want Boyce to come hiking at night during his off-duty time.
Boyce replied, “It was impulsive.”
Elaine teased them, “Didn’t you come back because you miss Jasmine?”
“Elaine!” Jasmine glared at him.
“Alright. I’ll zip my mouth. Let’s go back. They’re waiting for us,” Elaine passed the flashlight to Jasmine and said, “I’ll walk in front. Help me to light up the way.”
Jasmine nodded.
Boyce and Jasmine walked behind Elaine while holding the flashlight.
Elaine turned and smiled at them, “Say whatever you want. I’m deaf from this minute. I won’t hear anything.”
Jasmine felt speechless.
“Elaine, you’re the worst.”
Elaine laughed at Jasmine.
Boyce and Jasmine didn’t say anything along the way. All they did was holding hands.
Jasmine’s classmates were staring at them when they heard people coming back.
#####Chapter 792 Truth or Dare
“Jasmine,” Jasmine’s classmates surrounded them.
Jasmine held Boyce’s hand tightly. She whispered, “My classmates are a little over-friendly. You might not be used to it.”
Boyce held Jasmine’s hand back as a reply. He can deal with a bunch of college kids.
Boyce was the tallest guy among Jasmine’s classmates. He was an attention-grabber.
Jasmine introduced Boyce to her classmates, “This is…”
“Your husband,” one of the classmates finished Jasmine’s sentence. Then, she sized Boyce up and sighed, “No wonder Jasmine wanted to get married before graduation. She was afraid that someone might take him away if she didn’t get married earlier.”
“I wanted to get married earlier. I was afraid that Jasmine got taken away if I was late,” Boyce said.
“Aww…”
A few of Jasmine’s classmates teased them.
Jasmine pouted and looked at Boyce.
Jasmine felt warm and happy when she heard Boyce said that.
“Stop teasing us,” Jasmine smiled. She pointed at the girl who teased them just now and said to Boyce, “She’s Isabel Hopkins, my roommate.”
“Hi,” Boyce greeted.
Then, Jasmine introduced all her classmates to Boyce. At the end of the session, Boyce said, “Thanks for taking care of Jasmine. Please continue to look after her.”
Jasmine’s classmates replied, “We’re classmates and also friends. We should do that. Furthermore, we didn’t really take care of her.”
A guy named Hammer Baker said, “Let’s go over there. There’s food there. We brought a lot of stuff here when we know we’re coming camping.”
All of them followed Hammer.
Jasmine purposely stayed behind the crowd. She slowed Boyce down and whispered, “Are you feeling alright?”
Jasmine knew Boyce was an introvert. However, her classmates were extroverts. They liked to joke around, and Jasmine was worried that Boyce wouldn’t feel comfortable around them.
Jasmine was upset. She shouldn’t have come camping. They might be watching television at home, and Boyce could be resting if she didn’t come camping in the first place.
Sigh. There was no use crying over spilt milk.
Boyce whispered back, “Your classmates looked friendly. I’m fine with it.”
Jasmine smiled.
“Hey, what are you guys chatting about? Come over. Chat at home, please. We’re all single here. Don’t rub it in our face.”
Jasmine and Boyce walked over. Her classmates spared seats for them. An electrical lantern was set up beside. It was bright.
Cooked meat was placed on the plates.
Boyce was the eldest, and he was a working adult, while Jasmine’s classmates were college students. They respectfully greeted Boyce. Hammer held a can of Sprite and Coke and asked Boyce, “Boyce, which one would you like to have?”
Boyce replied, “I’m fine with anything.”
Hammer said, “Then, Coke?”
Boyce agreed.
Camping was all about eating, chatting and laughing. They talked about stuff in school and what they were going to work as in the future. Boyce couldn’t join in their conversation. He listened quietly, patiently and attentively.
Boyce used to be like them. He felt sentimental looking at Jasmine’s classmates.
Time had passed so fast.
Jasmine was worried about Boyce. Sometimes, she would touch him or stroked his hand.
“We were so into our conversation, and we’ve forgotten about Boyce. Hmm, let’s play a game?”
“What game?”
“How does ‘Truth or Dare’ sounds like?”
“Sure, sure.”
The game was on since everyone agreed with it. They got a spoon, and they turned a plate over. One person turned the spoon twice, and two people who got pointed by the spoon would have to play ‘Paper, Scissors, Stone’. The one who lost would have to answer a question from the winner honestly.
Everyone wanted Boyce and Jasmine to get picked, but the pointer missed them during the first two rounds of the game.
Elaine and another guy were the participants of the first round of the game. The guy lost at the ‘Paper, Scissors, Stone’. So, Elaine asked him, “How many ex-girlfriends do you have?”
The guy answered honestly, “Four.”
“You already have four ex-girlfriends? I haven’t even had one,” some of them were surprised.
Elaine teased the guy, “How old are you now? You have four ex-girlfriends? Did you start dating at sixteen? A girlfriend a year, so total four girlfriends at the age of twenty?”
The guy laughed.
“Alright. Let’s continue.”
The others were rushing for the next game. Elaine muttered, “I should have asked some spicy question.”
Elaine was thinking if she won next time, she must ask the other person when was the first time they had sex.
Then, Elaine saw Boyce and Jasmine. She immediately rejected her previous idea. In fact, ‘Truth or Dare’ was designed to ask questions about a person’s privacy. It was important to entertain all the participants. But Elaine was embarrassed considering Boyce was here.
Boyce was like an elder in the group. Jasmine’s classmates didn’t dare to overstep. They didn’t want Boyce to think that they played too wild and too crazily.
It was Jasmine and another guy’s turn.
Jasmine lost at ‘Paper, Scissors, Stone’.
The guys glanced at Boyce. He smiled and asked Jasmine, “Tell us the truth. Who did you have your first kiss with?”
Everyone stared at Jasmine.
Boyce was calm.
Jasmine was well-prepared. She knew her classmates were going to ask questions like these. Jasmine then smiled, glanced at Boyce, and answered, “My husband.”
“Boo.”
Jasmine’s classmates were disappointed. They thought they were going to get some spicy answers.
Boyce got picked on the fifth round. Jasmine’s classmates were excited. They were hoping that they got picked next, then asked Boyce some questions.
Hammer got picked nest. He laughed, “Boyce, please go easy on me.”
Boyce said, “I didn’t know how to play this game. Can I surrender?”
“Sure. You’ll have to answer a question if you surrender.”
“Surrender but would still need to answer a question? Might as well don’t surrender.”
Hammer was confident that he was going to win the game.
And he did. He smiled and looked at Boyce, “Boyce, you’ll have to answer honestly.”
Boyce nodded, “Sure.”
The other students started to contribute ideas for Hammer.
“Ask him when his first kiss was.”
“No, ask him who he thought about before going to bed?”
“Ask him whether he drools in sleep?”
“Ask him whether he picks his toe.”
Hammer shook his head, “No, these are not good enough. I’ll have to think about it.”
Boyce was resigned. These kids were naughty.
“I have an idea,” Elaine said.
Everyone turned and looked at Elaine. They wanted to know what question she would ask.
#####Chapter 793 Is It Because You Miss Me?
"Hurry up and talk. Don't be dilly-dallying." Some students got impatient.
Elaine smiled, "How about asking them when they had sex?"
Boyce was speechless.
Jasmine was also speechless.
"Hey, hey, that’s enough. My husband came all the way here to see me and he's tired. He doesn't have time to play with you guys." Jasmine pulled Boyce with her and left, leaving her classmates wide-eyed.
"Jasmine, how can you be so petty?"
Jasmine ignored them and walked towards the stream with Boyce on her arm.
The moon was high and bright today. If it were in the city, people would hardly notice the moon in the sky as their eyes would have been drawn to the colorful neon signs.
The rocks by the stream were clean and smooth, and Jasmine pulled Boyce down and leaned on his shoulder.
"Look, there are stars today."
Boyce looked up and noticed that there weren't many stars in the sky, although a few of them were very bright.
He turned his head to look at Jasmine, then reached up and lifted a strand of hair that had fallen across her chest and said, "Are you scared to be home alone?"
Jasmine shook her head, "What's to be afraid of? I'm alone all the time."
She'd gotten used to it.
How Boyce had forgotten that she hadn't had a happy childhood!
"I'll try to come back as soon as I can," Boyce said.
Jasmine then asked, "You're coming back today. Do you have to rush back tomorrow?"
Boyce said, "Yes. I'm taking advantage of the weekend to get back."
Jasmine leaned close to his ear and whispered, "Did you come back to see me?"
Boyce dropped his eyes gently and Jasmine cupped his face so he could look at her, "Did you come back to see me because you missed me?"
Jasmine tilted her head, and her eyes were gleaming as she gazed at him.
Boyce sat there quietly. Beneath his long lashes, his eyes twinkled, and then he whispered, "Yes, I missed you, so I came back."
Jasmine smiled happily. She wrapped her arms around him and said against his cheek, "I missed you too."
Boyce stroked her hair and said, "Your classmate is still here."
"They're all very close to me. Although they love to make jokes, they are not ignorant. They won't come and bother us."
Boyce still didn't feel good about it. It wasn't that he was reserved. It was just that he didn't think it would be good for him to get too close to Jasmine, who was the same age as them, or in a situation where there was nothing to block the view.
The light was dim, though.
Jasmine laughed. That was how Boyce was. He was always more thoughtful.
"Shall we go back then?" Her classmates were still there, and it wasn't good for the two of them to be out too long.
Boyce said yes.
When they got back, they found that the students had gone and moved their tents a lot further away from Jasmine's tent.
Those students were lovely.
Boyce said, "When I come back next time, I'll buy your classmates dinner."
Jasmine smiled happily, "Really?"
Boyce nodded.
Jasmine hugged him and gave him a kiss, then looked at him very seriously and said, "I really like you so much."
She really, really liked him ...
She couldn't imagine that one day if she couldn't be with him, would she go mad, or would she not be able to live?
Just thinking about it suddenly made her body tremble and she hugged Boyce tightly and asked him, "You'll always like me, won't you?"
Boyce replied softly.
Jasmine pressed her lips against his ear and said, "You'll never not want me, will you?"
Boyce thought it was so strange that she always asked such hypothetical questions, "Jasmine, what's wrong with you?"
Jasmine pouted, and rubbed her head against his chest, "Answer me."
Boyce patted her back and said in a low voice, "I'm not going to leave you. Are you letting your imagination run away with you?"
Jasmine nodded awkwardly.
Boyce laughed and stroked her hair, "Silly."
Jasmine's eyes sparkled with laughter. It was late and they lay down in the tent.
It wasn't easy to sleep outdoors when you could often hear the birds and bugs chirping and the occasional swaying of branches and the rattle of something scurrying through the grass.
Jasmine rested on Boyce's arm and asked him if he was tired of working away from home and if he was used to it.
He said there was nothing he wasn't used to.
They just chatted and then fell asleep without realizing it. In the morning, Jasmine woke up first.
It was just in time for the sun to rise. Jasmine nudged Boyce and told him to watch the sunrise.
Boyce was a little sleepy. He had slept too late last night.
Jasmine looked at him and nudged him again with her hand, "Wake up."
Boyce opened his eyes in a daze and saw that she was looking at him with smiling eyes. His sleepiness was instantly dispelled.
Jasmine curled her lips, "Let's watch the sunrise."
Boyce got up and got out of the tent with Jasmine to find that all the tents around them were gone and Jasmine's classmates were up at some point. They had collected all the tents and walked away.
Jasmine had heard the commotion and just didn't get up.
In fact, they hadn't been gone very long.
They were sitting on a rock by the stream. The sky was red, and rays of morning sunlight gradually appeared, then the red glow became more and more extensive and red.
The sun had just risen and was so red and big that it looked like a fire, but it wasn't hot at all. The clouds around it also looked like they were on fire, which was spectacular and unusually beautiful.
Jasmine said, "Everyone says that Nanshan Temple has the most beautiful sunrise. It doesn't seem to be nonsense, and it's really beautiful."
Boyce gave her a look. Sunrise had always been beautiful, and it was just that the pace of life was so fast that no one would stop to appreciate its beauty.
After watching the sunrise, they packed up their tents and headed down the hill.
#####Chapter 794 You Don't Want Me
Although the sunrise was beautiful, it was really quite tiring going up and down the mountain.
With no breakfast, it was even more tiring.
The two of them put their things in the trunk and got into the car. It was very quiet around early in the morning. At this time of the day, hardly anyone would be passing by.
As the car drove into the city, Boyce asked if she wanted to eat something first and Jasmine said she wanted to go home first. She hadn't undressed while sleeping in the tent, and now she wasn't feeling too well and wanted to go home and wash up.
"OK." Boyce continued to drive.
The car was parked in the underground car park of the neighborhood. Boyce took the tent and Jasmine took the water bottle.
The two of them went upstairs, one after the other.
Boyce placed the things and Jasmine stood in the living room watching him. She seemed to think of something, smiled shyly, and then turned to the bathroom to take a shower.
After Boyce put the things away, he didn't see Jasmine but just heard the sound of rushing water. He knew she had gone to take a shower, so he turned and walked out of the room.
He couldn't cook, but he could buy. He had lived here long enough to know where to get a good breakfast.
Jasmine washed up as quickly as she could, cleaned herself up, and got into shape. Then she walked to the living room, only to find no one there.
She turned to the bedroom and found it empty and unoccupied, too. The quilt was still the way it had been laid when she left, and he hadn't moved it.
Where had he gone?
She went to find her phone and was about to call Boyce when she heard the door slam. Immediately afterward, someone walked in. She put the phone down and stepped out to see Boyce come in carrying breakfast. He walked straight towards the table and said, "Come over for breakfast."
He set the breakfast he had bought on the table.
Jasmine came over, and instead of sitting down and eating her breakfast, she put her arms around Boyce from behind him.
Boyce looked back at her, "Come and have breakfast."
Jasmine shook her head, blinked at him, and said softly, "I'm not hungry."
With that, she untied the ties of her robe and pressed her body against his ...
"Jasmine ..."
"I'm clean and there's nothing on me."
She interrupted Boyce before he could finish his sentence.
She stared straight at Boyce with her eyes wide open.
Boyce turned to look at her.
Jasmine blushed and her cheeks flushed. She bit her lip softly without dodging, and her eyes were watery.
Boyce reached up and gathered her robe, while Jasmine hooked her arms around his neck and rose on her tiptoes to kiss him on the lips. She wasn't a great kisser, but it was enough to make his heart flutter.
Boyce's body tensed and didn't respond immediately.
Jasmine asked in a low voice, "You don't want me ..."
"No." Quickly, Boyce denied it, and his voice was extremely low and hoarse.
"Then you ..."
Boyce suddenly wrapped his arms around her and gathered her tightly in his embrace, then lowered his head and kissed her forehead, "Are you ready?"
Jasmine replied softly in his arms.
Boyce picked her up and walked towards the room.
Jasmine climbed around his neck, and their breaths intertwined.
Soon the door to the room closed tightly, shutting out any erotic scenes.
The breakfast on the table was already cold and the people in the room never came out.
It was close to noon.
Boyce, bare-chested, sat on the edge of the bed and watched Jasmine fall asleep because she was so tired.
Her long dark hair cascaded over the pillow and a few dark strands clung to her face. Boyce reached out and gently brushed her cheek. She felt a little tickle and moved gently, then went back to sleep.
Boyce withdrew his hand and his gaze fell inadvertently on the corner of the quilt.
Beneath the corner of the quilt was a small patch of dried blood, which had turned from a bright red to a dull red, but was still conspicuous.
The way Jasmine's face had scrunched up in pain, but she had bitten her lip to keep quiet, flashed through his mind.
His eyelashes fluttered, and then his Adam's apple rolled up and down.
That moment of tension and uncontrollability was still fresh in his mind.
He glanced at Jasmine and stood up.
He had wanted to make lunch but realized he didn't know how to do it at all.
There was a restaurant down the block that served good meals and had an easy delivery. He picked up his phone and dialed the number.
He was a regular customer. He didn't know how to cook, so he ate out. The restaurant was close to his home and he had eaten there a few times, so he was getting to know it. Sometimes he didn't want to go down, so he had the food brought up.
He ordered a few dishes that he had eaten that tasted good.
About half an hour later, the food was delivered. Because it was close by, the food was still hot when it arrived.
He paid, picked up the lunchbox, placed it on the table, and went to call Jasmine.
Jasmine was still sleeping and Boyce sat down on the bed and called her name softly.
Jasmine opened her eyes in a daze.
"Um..."
She vaguely saw an indistinct figure in front of her, but she seemed to know who it was.
She rubbed her eyes.
Boyce whispered, "Get up and eat something."
Jasmine propped herself up and tried to sit up.
#####Chapter 795 There Are Many Things I Want to Say to You
Jasmine braced herself and tried to stand up. She suddenly realized that she was naked, so she instinctively pulled the blanket and covered her chest. It wasn't like she was embarrassed; it was just that she was not used to naturally showing her naked body to him.
She bit her lips, lowered her eyes, and said softly, "You, you go out first. I want to wear some clothes."
Boyce sat at the side of the bed but didn't move. He just stared at her without saying anything.
Jasmine felt uneasy with him staring at her. She frowned and asked, "Why… Why are you staring at me like that?"
Boyce took her into his arms, lowered his head, and kissed her forehead. After keeping silent for a short while, he said, "There are many things I want to say to you, but I don't know what to say."
Jasmine knew that he was a person who couldn't express himself.
She nestled in his arms and said, "I understand."
She liked him the way he was. He was calm, composed, and steady.
Maybe because she hadn't received any fatherly love since she was young, other than the love she had gotten from Boyce, she also respected and looked up to him as an elder.
She didn't need Boyce to tell her those lovey-dovey words all the time, and it was not like he was able of saying those things too. His temperament was like this, and that was what Jasmine loved about him.
As for those lovey-dovey words, she could be the one saying them.
"Jasmine," Boyce suddenly said.
Jasmine looked up and her nose touched her chin. She pouted and pretended to be angry, "You should have shaved."
Boyce touched his chin. He hadn't shaved for two days, and the little stubs that had grown out were a little prickly. He told her that he would go shave later, then he called out to Jasmine again.
Jasmine blinked her eyes and said, "I'm listening."
Boyce lowered his eyes. His dark pupils became deeper, and he said in a low voice, "Thank you, Jasmine."
Jasmine laughed, "Why do you need to thank me?"
Boyce pursed his lips and said, "Thank you for marrying me."
"Then I should thank you too." Jasmine deliberately got closer to his lips and spoke. As though intentionally or unintentionally, her lips were brushing through his lips while she was talking, "Thank you for taking me as your wife."
Boyce looked down, suddenly clasped her head, and kissed her.
Jasmine quickly responded and clung to his neck. She had totally forgotten that she didn't have any clothes on her and that they were supposed to go out and eat their meal. Everything was devoured by this passionate moment.
With no room left.
"Um, I'm hungry..." Jasmine said blurrily.
Boyce's action of pressing her down suddenly paused. Jasmine blinked her watery eyes, which were filled with laughter, and poked his nose with her slender fingers, "Why are you so unromantic?"
Boyce was panting roughly, "Jasmine..."
Jasmine laughed, "The only thing I want to eat right now is you."
…
In the end, the dishes had become cold. Jasmine didn't want to eat them anymore, so she just lay on the bed until it was dark.
A man who had been abstinent for too long was scary. Jasmine knew it clearly. She couldn't get out of bed on the first day after their marriage.
She only got up to shower when it was dark. Her lower body felt wet and sticky, with a faint smell of sweat. It was not only hers, but Boyce’s sweat had also dripped on her body.
She took a shower and changed into a dry nightgown. While she was wiping her hair and walked out of the bathroom, she saw that Boyce was making a phone call. She walked quietly to the sofa and sat down, continuing wiping her hair dry.
Boyce was talking to his colleague about work stuff. After several minutes passed, he hung up the phone, turned around, and saw that Jasmine was there. He walked over and took the towel in her hand, "Let me help you wipe."
Jasmine felt very comfortable. She lay down, rested her head on his thighs, and let him dry her hair.
Boyce looked down at her, looking very serious.
"I'm hungry," Jasmine said.
Boyce stared at her.
Jasmine immediately jumped up. However, she moved too fast, and her body was still a bit uncomfortable. It felt a little swollen and painful. It was her first time, and it was a little too long. It was painful the first time he came in, but after that, it felt comfortable. Only now did she realize how unrestrained they were at that time.
She was really hungry, and she didn't want to eat him.
Boyce laughed, "I'm not touching you."
Jasmine let out a sigh of relief. She just wanted to tell him that she wanted to eat some dumplings, then she heard him say, "Let's make you full first."
"What do you mean?" Jasmine couldn't react for a moment.
Boyce had been a serious person; he wouldn't say these kinds of suggestive words.
Could he possibly...
Jasmine blinked and asked, "You..."
"I'll bring you some clothes." Boyce stood up and strode towards the room.
Jasmine looked at his back figure and smiled, then sat on the sofa and waited for him.
But she waited for a long while and still didn't see him come out.
Jasmine felt very strange. Her clothes were hung together with his in the closet. If he opened the closet, he should be able to see them.
Why did he need to take such a long time?
Was he picking clothes for her?
She didn't have many clothes, and there weren't many styles either.
She stood up from the sofa, held the towel, and walked into the room. When she looked inside, she saw that Boyce was standing there rooted to the spot.
Jasmine stared at him and realized that he didn't notice she was here and still stood there without moving at all.
She felt weird. But when she looked around the room, there was nothing abnormal. She called out to him, "What are you doing?"
#####Chapter 796 I’m in Charge of His Money
Seeing that Jasmine had also come in, the crease on Boyce's eyebrow didn't stretch out but instead became even more furrowed.
There was even a vague hint of worry in his eyes when he looked at her.
"Jasmine, I think I have forgotten."
Jasmine was baffled, "What did you forget?"
Boyce was stuttering. After a while, he said, "What if you get pregnant?"
Jasmine finally understood what he meant.
She then looked around the room but didn't see any condoms.
Boyce bought it last time. However, they didn't use it this time. No, it was a lot of times in a day, and they didn't use it at all.
Jasmine thought that if she really got pregnant, then so be it. It was no big deal for her.
"Are you not happy if I get pregnant? Do you not like children?" Jasmine placated him.
Boyce shook his head. It was not that he didn't like children. But Jasmine hadn't graduated yet, so how could she get pregnant?
"First of all, we are legally married. I'm also an adult. If I'm married and got pregnant, and my husband can afford it, why is wrong with that?"
Jasmine came in and looked for her clothes. For convenience purposes, she chose the only dress she had.
It was not because it looked nice on her. It was for convenience, and it felt more comfortable.
Boyce walked over and said, "I'll wait for you outside."
Jasmine nodded.
After Jasmine got changed, the two of them went out.
Boyce was not a romantic person. He asked Jasmine what she wanted to eat. If she wanted to eat it, he will bring her there.
He wouldn't think about bringing her to a romantic place to eat just because today was a special day for them.
Jasmine also didn't mind at all. She knew that Boyce's character was like this.
After dinner, they took a stroll back.
The weather wasn't that hot already at this time of the year, and it was getting cooler.
Jasmine took his arm and stepped on the shadows on the streets childishly. The street was bustling with people. They were either strolling around or buying stuff. There were some shops beside this street too.
Someone was selling flowers beside the road. The flowers were wrapped nicely with paper, unlike those wrapped in colourful papers at the florist. The simple and pure-coloured paper looked more like flowers for decorating the house.
The flower vendor was pulling a tricycle, and the basket behind it was filled with all kinds of flowers, decorating the unassuming tricycle prettily.
Jasmine pulled Boyce over and pointed at a bouquet of pink baby's breath. She asked, "Mister, how much is this?"
The vendor smiled and replied to her, "It's twenty-five yuan."
Jasmine tried to haggle, "I’ll buy it for fifteen yuan."
The vendor took a glance at Boyce who was beside Jasmine, smiled, and said, "Miss, the gentleman next to you doesn't seem like a person who is short of money. I will be at a loss if I sell you for fifteen yuan, so please don't bargain with me."
Jasmine said, "If you don't want to sell it to me, I’ll go and look for it at another store."
"Well, Sir. Since your girlfriend likes it, why don't you just buy it. It's just ten-yuan difference. Looking at you, you don't seem like someone short of money." The vendor turned towards Boyce. In terms of buying things, women were generally stingier, while men were more generous. Usually, men wouldn't haggle when they buy stuff.
"Then I'll buy it." Boyce didn't buy it because of what the vendor had said. It was because of Jasmine. She never asked him for anything, and she also never asked him for gifts. It was just an inexpensive bouquet anyway.
When Boyce was taking out his money, Jasmine snatched his wallet away and told the vendor, "I'm in charge of his money. You still can earn some if you sell me fifteen yuan. I'll buy it from you right now if you sell it to me. If not, I'll just leave. It's not like I'm making you lose money."
The vendor laughed and said, "Miss, you don't look very old, how are you so good at bargaining? Okay, okay, I will sell it to you even it's a loss."
The vendor took the bouquet out from his car and handed it over to Jasmine.
Jasmine smiled and took it, "Thank you very much, Mister."
She didn't ask him back, since it was a loss, why did he still sell it to her? It was not easy doing business. However, she also had to live her life, Boyce's money was also hard-earned. It was not easy for everyone. Therefore, she didn't want to waste money, but she also wouldn't say sarcastic words to mock vendors.
She returned the wallet to Boyce. Boyce looked at her, took over his wallet, and paid the vendor. When he got back the change, he put them back into his wallet.
Jasmine held the bouquet in one hand and held Boyce's arm in another. They strolled along the road for a while. Then, when they had left the flower vendor for a distance, Jasmine only said, "You shouldn't spend your money lavishly in the future. It's not easy to make money, so you shouldn't just simply spend them."
Boyce's salary was limited, even Armand was richer than him.
He was the poorest among the three.
Boyce said, "I didn't spend my money inattentively."
"You can buy it with fifteen yuan, why do you want to pay twenty-five yuan for it?" Jasmine stared at him. If she hadn't taken his wallet away, he would have paid the vendor the money.
There weren't any changes on Boyce's face. He said seriously, "I saw that you like it, so I want to buy it for you."
Jasmine looked up at him, and her heart was instantly filled with joy.
He was not spending carelessly. He was buying it because she liked it.
"Dolores's baby is very cute. Let's go to their house tomorrow and look at the baby." After saying that, Jasmine realized that Boyce had to leave tomorrow for work. It seemed like he didn't have time to go.
"What time are you going back tomorrow?" She asked.
"In the afternoon," Boyce answered her.
Obviously, he didn't have the time.
Jasmine said, "We can go together when you are free."
Boyce replied with an "um", "If you have nothing to do, you can go visit them. Don't go to work anymore, just let me know when you run out of money."
Jasmine, "I'll see to it."
She still wanted to work if there was any suitable job for her. She didn't want to fully rely on him.
They took a stroll and went back home. The first thing Jasmine did after she went back was to find a vase. She had bought the vase at home. It was not expensive, but it looked very pretty. The corners of the transparent glass vase shone like crystals under the light. After she poured some water, she put the baby's breath bouquet into the vase.
She placed the vase beside the TV cabinet, and a touch of sweetness was instantly added to the house.
She reached out and gently touched it, and the corners of her lips curled into a smile.
Boyce came over, stood behind her, and looked at the vase of flowers. He said, "Do you really like it so much?"
Jasmine said, "It's not that. I just really like watching it. Maybe I'm just visually oriented, so I like beautiful things. It's not only flowers, but I also like a lot of beautiful things, such as..."
She stared at Boyce and deliberated paused.
Boyce couldn't tell what she was thinking, "Such as what?"
Jasmine stood tiptoe and hooked his neck. Then, she said, "Such as you."
Boyce's pupils gradually darkened. He said in a low and hoarse voice, "Jasmine, I like you too."
Jasmine said, "I know. If you don't like me, why did you marry me as your wife? Ah..."
As soon as she finished her sentence, she was suddenly caught off guard and picked up by Boyce. She couldn't help but shriek in surprise.
But soon, she regained her composure, and her body was softened from the surprise, "What are you doing? You scared me."
#####Chapter 797 Be Gentle
Boyce bowed his head and kissed her forehead, his eyes turning unfathomable. He said softly, “I like you.”
Jasmine blinked and said, “I know.”
If he did not like her, it was impossible for him to marry her.
His eyes turned more unfathomable and he repeated the words again with a softer voice.
This time, Jasmine seemed to understand what he meant as she could feel that his body feature changed slightly.
She could not help but frown. Her small face was crinkled as she asked softly, “Won’t you feel tired?”
It was already one day.
She was scared now. There was no break in the middle and she suffered a lot.
“That...” Jasmine was thinking about how she could tell him that she wanted a rest in an indirect manner.
“I’ll leave tomorrow.” Boyce could sense her hesitation. He knew it was too frequent but he wanted it so much. He could withstand it before he did it but after he had done it, his control power became weaker.
‘I’ll leave tomorrow and I rarely come back home.’
‘Jasmine still wants to reject?’
She snuggled up to his chest gently. She was embarrassed and her cheek was hot, “You, be gentle a bit, my waist is painful.”
Boyce looked at her reddened cheek. He hugged her slender body with his hot palm and kissed her lips, “I know.”
...
However, he forgot his words.
It could not be said that he forgot but he could not control himself when he became excited.
As the saying goes, “A new broom sweeps clean.” This man was excited when he became the real man for the first time.
Jasmine could not sleep well that night. She thought that a man who could control himself for a long time like Boyce could control himself well but she was wrong.
The longer a man had controlled himself, the more terrifying he was.
It was afternoon when she woke up. She experienced aches all over her body. They continued non-stop and that equaled... one day.
She turned over but there was no one beside her, even the temperature was gone. He should have woken up early. She turned over and saw a note on the table. She reached out her hand and took the note.
The handwriting was thick, strong and good-looking, ‘I have to settle my business so I leave first. If you are too tired, then don’t cook. This is the phone number for delivery order 135********. They will send the food to you.’
The note ended with cross-out handwriting.
Jasmine frowned. She could not see the words which were crossed out.
When Boyce wrote this paragraph, Jasmine was still sleeping. Looking at her sleeping appearance, he was reluctant to leave. He wished to stay with her for a little longer, but he had to work. It seemed inappropriate for him to write “I’ll miss you” at the end of the note. It seemed not serious, so he crossed out after he wrote the words.
Looking at the string of words, Jasmine was a little disappointed. She hoped that he could accompany her.
After all, in the process of becoming a woman from a girl, she needed to be pampered and comforted.
She held the note and thought to herself, ‘He still makes mistakes? He’s heartless to leave a note with cross-out marks.’
She wanted to throw the note away, but she did not. She looked at it again and again and finally sighed. She put it back on the table and lay down. She got up after a long time.
After the weekend, she had to attend classes, and as usual, this went on for several days. Jasmine did not call Boyce. She wanted Boyce to contact her, however, Boyce did not call either.
On Thursday night, Jasmine was lying in bed, tossing and turning. She could not sleep as she missed him. She was a bit angry, ‘Doesn’t he miss me?’
‘Can’t he send me a message?’
‘Even if he’s busy, he shall have some spare time to send a message, right?’
The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. She sat up. No matter where she looked at, it was desolate.
Ring, ring…
The phone suddenly rang with a text message tone, she panicked and picked it up. Seeing that the screen showed Boyce’s number, she was about to go crazy with joy, ‘This man finally remembers me?’
She tapped on the text message with excitement and anticipation. The screen showed, ‘Have you slept?’
Jasmine was speechless.
‘He forgets about me for so long. He does not even extend his greetings to me. He just sends a message with these few words?’
‘Doesn’t he miss me?’
She was angry and did not want to reply to the message. She threw her phone aside. She covered herself with a quilt and thought to herself, ‘I don’t want to miss you as you don’t miss me.’
‘However, why do I feel angry?’
After a while, she lifted her quilt and picked up her phone. She replied quickly, “Not yet.”
‘This is easy. I know how to do it too!’
Jasmine was mean out of no reason this time round.
Boyce was busy for many days. He just had some time to rest now. He wanted to contact Jasmine but it was very late, he worried that he would disturb her, so he did not call her. He hesitated for a long time before he sent the text message. He worried that she had slept.
Seeing her reply, he was extremely happy. His tired face became enlightened. He typed quickly, ‘I’ve been very busy lately. I miss you.’
He missed her very much.
He wished to hug her.
Seeing the message, Jasmine was stunned and then jumped up with excitement, ‘The man still loves me, just that he’s busy.’
‘He said, he missed me!’
Jasmine held her phone. She was very happy.
She had to reply to him so that he knew that she missed him too.
When she wanted to tell him that she missed him, she realized that the words could not express her thoughts and affection. She remembered that she had learnt an ancient Chinese poem. She typed on the keyboard and the words appeared on the screen one after another.
She was embarrassed when she looked at the screen but she still sent it in the end.
Ring, ring…
Boyce’s phone rang and he tapped on the text message.
#####Chapter 798 Three Wishes
He thought that Jasmine would tell him that she missed him too, but then it was an ancient poem. He looked at it seriously.
The content of the message was, ‘I held a feast in the spring. I drank wine while singing and dancing. I made three wishes in front of the others. The first wish was my husband could enjoy an immortal life. The second wish was I would be healthy. The third wish was we could stay together forever and lived a happy life.’
Even though he had never read the poem, he could roughly understand by looking at the content. In order to understand better, he looked up the meaning of the poem on Google.
As he looked up the meaning, he smiled. He was very happy.
He replied, “I got it.”
On the other hand, Jasmine covered herself inside her quilt as she was embarrassed after sending the message. She felt that she was too enthusiastic.
After hearing her phone ringing, she was excited. She worried that Boyce would think that she acted coquettishly as she always talked about love matter.
She held her phone anxiously. After she tapped on the text message, the smile and embarrassment on her face disappeared.
‘I got it??!’
‘What does he mean?’
She replied quickly, “Do you get what I mean?”
Boyce thought that she thought that he did not understand the meaning of the poem. He felt that it was funny and he replied, “I know, you miss me and want to stay together with me forever.”
Jasmine was speechless.
‘Is this ... a normal man?’
‘Shan’t he reply me with a poem about keen affection? If he doesn’t know any poem about love matter, why can’t he reply to me that he feels the same?’
‘He can’t reply that I got it and brushed me off.’
Jasmine thought to herself, ‘You know I miss you and want to stay together with you forever, then do you want to stay with me forever?’
She pursed her lips and replied, ‘I want to sleep now.’
‘Okay. Good night.’ Boyce replied.
Jasmine was extremely angry, ‘This man is disgusting!’
‘He was very excited when he had sex with her. After he puts on his trousers, he wants to abandon me?’
Jasmine had decided that she did not want to contact him.
She needed his enthusiasm and affection now. She was a woman. She hoped that her husband could be the same as her. Even if he could not be the same as her, he should let her feel his enthusiasm.
‘He dares to ...’
She had decided to abandon him. If he did not contact her, she would not contact him.
Elizabeth did not urge Theresa to give birth to a child these few days. She was relaxed with Armand outside. They never talked about child’s matter. Furthermore, Armand had taken charge of a case. It was the case which the woman they had met that day at the office who was crying and not talking.
Armand found the maid of the Day family and got what had happened.
The incident was like this, the man had a mistress, no, it was more accurate to say that he wanted to change his wife, so he cooperated with his mother to deceive his wife.
From the description of the maid, they understood that the man’s mother liked the mistress too. Therefore, she asked her daughter-in-law to go to her house with the accuse that she wanted her to learn how to do household chores from her to let her grandchild get along with the mistress. Her objective was, when they divorced, the child could adapt to this new ‘mother’.
They had executed this plan for two years. The three-year-old kid could not differentiate between good guy and bag guy. He only knew that the woman treated him very well like his mother. Under his father’s guidance and the woman’s hospitality, in two years’ time, he knew what the difference between his mother and this woman was.
His father said that this was his mother and asked him to call her mother.
They got along with each other for two years and the woman treated him well, so he called her mother.
When the wife knew that his son called the mistress as mother, she had a mental breakdown. That was a destructive blow for a woman.
She could not bear with it.
That was not the strongest blow. The thing that made her despair was that after she divorced, yea, even if she did not want to divorce, the Day family was rich and powerful, so they could make her divorce. Even if she was not willing to, they still could divorce.
However!
After she divorced, her son belonged to the Day family. The Day family did not allow her to visit her son. She was weak and could not go against them.
Even though she hated them and was very angry, she was reluctant to leave her son. Although her husband had disappointed her a lot, the child was her biological son.
She begged her husband by all means to visit her son.
If the man disagreed, she would go to his company and disturb him. The man had no choice but to let her see her son. However, there was a three-hour time limit.
She brought her child back to her place. After divorcing and being chased out of the Day family, she was tensed and had some mental problems. She cried whenever she wanted to and would break things haphazardly. That scared the child and he cried too.
Then, she hugged her son to calm him down. She was sad and she felt that her life was meaningless.
She thought that she still had hope when she saw her child.
When her child called the mistress as mother intimately when she came to bring him back, she was in despair.
She risked her life to give birth to her son but her son called the mistress as mother.
She could not accept it. She decided not to give her son to them and not to let her son called the mistress as mother. However, her son preferred the mistress. She was too hideous and her son was scared of her.
She lost control. She grabbed her child and jumped down from the house that her ex-husband gave her. They died on the spot.
Then, one woman went to the law firm to find a lawyer to engage in a lawsuit.
That sounded inconceivable but such an incident indeed happened around us.
After hearing from the maid, Theresa felt cold as she could understand the woman’s helplessness and despair. However ... that was her biological son, she gave birth to him after suffering for ten months, how resolute she needed to be to die with him?
#####Chapter 799 There Will Always Be a Scar Even After the Wound Is Healed
Theresa thought that it was all due to the happy lot from the previous life that a woman could give birth to a child, why she would harm him?
When Armand took charge of the case, all the lawyers went for him.
“Mr. Bernie, we can’t take charge of this case. We have no chance of winning.”
“That’s right, the woman committed suicide. They will only lose some money. Furthermore, his son died too. The case is irritating but we can’t make it idealistic. We have to face the reality.”
“What’s the reality?” Armand asked.
Anderson said, “We have to face the problems that happen in the reality. There are so many things that we think that they are injustice but there are many deficiencies in the laws for marriage. For example, if a man and a woman cheat on each other, is it a crime?
Obviously, it is not, which limits our authority to defend the parties involved. What is the point of winning or losing this lawsuit? She had died. When one died, nothing is left. At most, we are fighting for a little money for the family of the deceased. What’s the meaning of money compared to a human’s life?
As for us, by winning this case, we are only fighting for a little money for our client. We can’t put the cheater in jail, we can hardly do anything about him, and we will offend him. What do you think is the point of such a lawsuit?”
Anderson’s point was that this case could not be taken charge of. It required a lot of workload and effort and the outcome was not good.
“Then, we’ll just leave it?” Theresa understood his point, that was, this case, no matter win or lose, there was not much meaning.
The man was at fault as he had a mistress. However, he did not go against the law. He did not kill his wife. His wife committed suicide, so there was nothing to do with him.
The lawsuit was nothing more than a little compensation.
Theresa thought that it was unfair, the price for cheating was too small.
‘If he did not like her, why did he marry her in the first place?’
‘Is it a mistress always better than a wife?’
‘Although it’s a rough saying, it’s somehow true.’
“Yes, you can’t take charge of it.” Anderson said, and a few lawyers behind him echoed, just thinking that they could not get much benefits from it and on the other hand, they would offend people.
“What if I insist on taking charge of it?” Armand did not want to understand too much. He could understand it, but when he saw that the other party went to her funeral to grab the ashes of the dead and threw it on the floor, he thought that they acted too overly! 
 Even if the cheater would only lose some money, he thought that it was a punishment for him to let everyone know that he was at fault.
“Why are you doing this?” One of the lawyers said.
Anderson added, “Yea, it’s meaningless. Why are you doing this? You told us that our occupation is fair and unfair at the same time. We can’t survive in this career if we just fight for justice. Why are you so stubborn now and forget what you have said?”
Armand whispered, “That was the past.”
He had a different mindset now. At that time, he only wanted to be prestigious and did many things that went against his will and morals.
Sometimes, he knew that his client was at fault but he tried to defend him by all means. He was helpless as a lawyer.
In the past, he did not care about the case. As long as he could gain benefits or prestige from it, he would take charge of it.
He used to tell this to the lawyers in his law firm, but now, he changed his thoughts suddenly.
He was scourged by his conscience.
He thought that he was so unlucky now due to the reason that he had done many things that went against justice.
“It’s not easy for us to have such a prestigious firm. I don’t understand why are you so stubborn.” Anderson could not understand. He was not like this before. Why he changed suddenly?
Armand lowered his eyes, “What goes around comes around.”
He wanted to do some good deed, for the sake of the people around him and the sake of himself.
They failed to persuade him and did not want to say anything more. Everyone left his office.
Theresa stood beside the window and looked at him, “What’s in your mind?”
Armand stood up and walked out from the office table. He stood in front of her and stared at her. He reached out his hand and hugged Theresa, “We’ll lose our child because of me.”
Theresa did not want to recall the past. She said to Armand in a serious tone, “Let’s not talk about the past. It’s history now. I choose to forgive you means that I have let go of the past. The wound is healed but there is a scar. If you talk about it, you’re revealing my scar, it hurts.”
Armand’s gaze lagged for a moment. Some tears came out of the corners of his eyes. His gaze was not as fiery as before.
Soon, he closed his eyes and said with a low tone, “I won’t mention it in the future, never ever.”
That was Theresa’s and his lifelong wound. 
“Let’s go back early today.” Armand hugged her and Theresa said yes.
They walked out of the office. Armand’s phone which was in his pocket rang. He took it out and the screen showed that it was the phone number of his house. He knew that if it was not from Elizabeth, then it was from Elizabeth’s maid. He knew why she called him. Theresa was relaxed these few days. He did not want her to worry, so he hung up the call.
#####Chapter 800 I Am Not Happy
Theresa saw it but she did not say anything. She knew why Elizabeth called Armand too. It was all about the child’s matter.
She was down again. Child, for her, was an intractable problem.
At first, she thought that she would solve the problem by agreeing to have surrogacy but she failed.
Armand kept his phone and said, “Junk phone call from sales promotion.”
Theresa pretended that she did not see it and smiled while she was saying, “The promoters nowadays are irritating. The one, who sells insurance, sells houses and loans all call to expand their business.”
Armand said, “Yea, so irritating.” He looked at her, “We still have some time, is there any place that you wish to go?”
Theresa shook her head.
“A film is recently released with pretty good reviews, let’s go and watch it?”
Theresa said, “Sure.”
It was okay for her to go anywhere as she did not have a particular place that she wished to go.
Armand took out his phone to search for the nearest available time slot.
The nearest one was more than two hours away, so he said, “Let’s eat first before we go.”
Theresa said, “You arrange it.”
They got out of the law firm and got into the car. Armand drove. When he just started the car engine and was about to drive it away, the phone in his pocket rang again. It was from his house. Armand hung up again with no expression.
When he was about to switch it off, Theresa said, “Send me back to my place, and you go back to see grandma.”
Armand explained, “Theresa ....”
“It does not help if you shy away from the problem. It’s okay for you to not visit her for a short period of time. Can you not visit her in your lifetime? She’s old. If anything happens to her, you will regret it.”
Armand wanted to say something to Theresa but he realized that he could not say anything. What should he say? Sorry? Words did not help to relieve Theresa’s stress.
He finally said, “Thank you.”
‘Thank you for her understanding, kindness, magnanimity and big heart.’
Theresa leant her head against the car window. She was looking elsewhere in a daze. It seemed that she did not hear his words. She did not say anything but just leant against the window quietly.
Armand drove her to the residential area that they stayed temporarily. Theresa had an absent mind. She did not notice that the car was now stopped at their place. She did not open the car door and got down. Armand reached out his hand to stroke the hair beside her ear and asked gently, “What are you thinking?”
“Yes?” Theresa came back from her absent-minded state and found out that the car had stopped. She simply gave a reason, “I was tired just now and did not notice it.”
She unfastened her seatbelt and got out of the car.
Armand lowered the car window and said to her, “I’ll be back soon.”
Theresa smiled, “I’ll wait for you to come back.”
Armand asked her to go inside. After seeing that she had gone back to their house, he left.
On the way, he called the phone number of his house.
Soon, the call was picked up. It was Dora.
“Is it Armand?”
Armand said yes.
Hearing that the not-so-familiar maid called him Armand, he was disgusted. He was not close to her. Their relationship was just a boss and a maid.
“... Grandma, grandma is on the brim of death. Faster come back to visit her.” Dora stumbled.
Armand knew that it was a lie. She just wanted him to go back home.
At first, he wanted to visit her after going out for so many days. He did not expect that she was so anxious.
Armand said, “Ask grandma to pick up the call.”
“Okay ... Cannot, grandma is not able to pick up.” Dora went back on her word after she agreed. It was obvious that someone was instigating her, that was why she behaved strangely.
Armand stopped his car by the roadside, “Ask grandma to pick up the call. Tell her that I won’t go back if she doesn’t pick up the call.”
It seemed that the microphone of the phone was covered. Armand could only hear a brief noise and then there was no sound.
He was in no hurry, so he waited quietly.
After a while, the call was picked up by Elizabeth. She questioned him, “You don’t want your grandma after getting married, right?”
Armand leant back in his chair. He looked outside of the window, “You sound energetic.”
Elizabeth stammered, “You want me to die?”
“No, I hope that you can live a long life. I’ll die first.” Armand had no choice but to hide himself from her.
Luckily, her legs had some problems, so she could not stir up huge trouble.
Knowing that Armand was hiding himself from her, Elizabeth lowered her voice, “Do you really want to abandon me?”
Armand was annoyed and said, “You raised me, how can I abandon you?”
“Then, you ...”
“Grandma, I’ll go back to visit you tomorrow, I’m busy today, I’ll hang up now.”
He hung up immediately and switched off his phone to prevent her from calling him again. He did not wish to face her.
He sat inside his car for a while and then turned around his car to go back home.
Inside the house, Theresa sat on the hanging chair in the balcony. She looked at the fish in the fish tank boringly.
She curled her legs and took out her phone to send Oscar a text message, ‘What are you doing?’
Soon, Oscar replied, ‘Yo, why are you sending me a message?’
‘Why can’t I?’ Theresa replied.
‘Can, can, Uncle is always around.’
Theresa lowered her eyes and paused for a moment, ‘Uncle, I’m not happy.’
#####Chapter 801 Having Me Tattooed on Your Heart
“Why are you feeling unhappy? Did Armand bully you?”
Theresa looked at her phone, she said after keeping silent for quite a while, “No.”
Her unhappiness was not caused by Armand; it was caused by the surroundings. After all, Armand’s grandma was still blocking between Armand and her although she was staying away from Armand’s grandma.
The child was the obstacle that they couldn’t overcome.
Oscar sent her a helpless emoji.
Oscar sent her a voice recording after a while, Theresa then clicked on it. She thought that Oscar was going to tell her something, but to her surprise, it was a piece of music.
The music was from the classic scene of Journey to the West, in which the Monk Pig was carrying his wife on his back, quite amusing.
Theresa pulled a wry face in a moment.
A message popped up again on the screen, “The Monk Pig was so happy even if he was carrying the monkey on his back, but you are unhappy all the time even if you have a handsome husband.”
Theresa couldn’t help laughing, “Uncle, your comforting words are different from others.”
“Of course, I am what I am, the one and only me.”
Theresa laughed and replied quickly, “Are you really getting carried away?”
“Haha, isn’t it that uncle is trying to make you happy?”
Theresa replied, “I know.”
“Then please take good care of yourself since you know it, being angry will make you older, so you should laugh more. You will not want to look in the mirror anymore one day when there are wrinkles on your face like me.”
“There is no wrinkle on uncle’s face, there are just the marks left by the time.”
“You’re a good talker.”
“I’m just telling the truth.”
“I haven’t seen you for just a few days, you’re so sweet now.”
“I’ve learnt from uncle.”
“Haha, am I so good in teaching?”
“You look so happy, who are you chatting with?” Armand leaned against the door frame and looked at her.
He had come back for quite a while, and then he saw that Theresa was smiling while looking at her phone, so he was curious and didn’t disturb her. Theresa was so concentrated; she didn’t notice that he was back.
Theresa turned her head, staring at him surprisingly, “Isn’t it that you had gone back home already?”
Armand walked toward her and said, “I’m back because I’m worried that you may be boring.” His eyes fell on Theresa’s phone screen when he was talking.
Theresa kept her phone when she noticed that Armand was looking at it, she then stood up from the hanging chair and said, “Shall we go for a movie?”
Armand kept silent while looking at her.
Theresa frowned, “Why are you looking at me?”
Armand lowered his eyes and said, “Nothing.”
Indeed, he wanted to ask, ‘Are you unhappy when staying with me? If not, why you have never laughed so happily in front of me?’
However, when the words were on the tip of his tongue, he noticed that Theresa was unhappy because of the pressure from his family.
If he put himself in her shoes, he wouldn’t feel happy as well.
Therefore, he didn’t ask.
He knew that Theresa was having great pressure to stay with him, but he couldn’t do anything for her.
“Theresa, if you feel that you’re too tired, I…” He paused when he wanted to say that he would let her go. It was easy to think in his mind, but he realized that it was not so easy when he wanted to say it out, he looked up, “I’m unwilling to let you go.”
Theresa seemed to be realizing the contradiction in him, she looked into his eyes and said, “I know.”
“I’ll do good and accumulate the merits in the future, I hope that the god will have mercy on us and let us have a child successfully, so that we won’t have to worry about the child again.” Armand took her into his arms.
Theresa leaned in his arms, “Let’s go out.”
Armand agreed, they went to have a meal, then a movie which was popular recently, there were lots of people there.
Most of the movies nowadays liked to include some sentiment scenes, so those who were sensitive would shed tears in the cinema.
Theresa was also considered sensitive, Armand told her that she would cry because she was a woman.
“Don’t men cry?” Theresa gave him a dirty look.
Armand said, “Men will also cry, but it’s more difficult, this kind of sentiment scene still can’t make me cry.”
Theresa took his arm and bit hard on it, Armand didn’t move, he just frowned slightly, it was painful.
Theresa felt unhappy and she was venting on him, but she didn’t notice of her strength. She only realized it when her mouth was full of the scent of blood, then she immediately let go of his arm.
There was a deep row of teeth marks, some sites were bleeding.
“Why don’t you tell me that it’s painful?” Theresa asked.
Armand said, “It’s not painful, why should I say that it’s painful?”
Theresa was speechless.
“It’s not painful, right? Okay, then I will bite you again!” Theresa pulled his arm, pretending that she wanted to bite him again, but Armand still didn’t move, he said, “I’ll make it as the marks left by you. I’ll go to the tattoo studio and have the teeth marks tattooed on my arm, is it okay?”
“Are you a freak?” Theresa couldn’t understand his thinking at all. ‘He is a lawyer, having a tattoo on his arm will make other people feel that he is not a serious lawyer when seeing it. Some more, the teeth marks don’t look nice. What it will be like to have a circle tattooed on his arm?’
“You can if you want to have a tattoo, just have me tattooed on your heart!” Theresa pointed at his chest.
Armand laughed and grabbed her hand which was pointing at his chest; he held it tightly in his hand and kissed it. He put one of his arms around Theresa while another hand in the pocket, then he talked while he walked, “Let’s go find a tattoo studio and have you tattooed on my heart, I’ll let the tattooist use the best tattoo ink, which cannot be removed using any methods.”
“Do they have that kind of ink?” Theresa continued his words and chartered.
“We can go and ask,” Armand said smilingly.
Theresa was not willing to go, “Will they think that you’re crazy?”
Armand said, “Do I look like a crazy person?”
Theresa looked him up and down, then she curled her lips, “You look like a crazy person entirely!”
She ran away quickly after saying this, Armand then chased her, “Don’t run.”
“No.” Theresa turned her head to see him while running.
Armand ran very fast and caught her finally.
‘Ah…’
Armand hugged her from her back, “You can’t run already, right?” His lips touched her face while he was talking; Theresa then pushed his face and said, “We’re in the public.”
“But we didn’t do anything.”
Armand put his arm around her waist, “Let’s go home.”
Theresa said, “Let’s walk back; I want to take a walk.”
Armand agreed since their home was not too far away.
They reached the entrance of their residential area after walking for approximately thirty minutes; they could see from far away that there were two familiar people walking around in front of the entrance.
Theresa touched Armand, she pointed at the entrance and asked, “Is it them who are in front of the entrance?”
Armand looked toward the direction pointed by Theresa, the people who were walking around in front of the entrance, were his litigants. He had taken the case, so the mother and younger brother of the deceased were his current litigants.
Theresa glanced at him, “Are they looking for you because they need your help?”
“Perhaps.” Armand held Theresa’s hand and crossed the road, walking toward them.
“Mr. Bernie.” The woman and her son walked in front when they saw him.
“What’s the matter?” Armand asked.
The woman looked ghastly, and his son didn’t look well too, they were looking at Armand and it seemed like they found it difficult to start the conversation.
“Hmm…Mr. Bernie, it’s because…”
#####Chapter 802 I Won’t Let You Afraid
Her son pulled her arm when the woman stuttered, “Let me tell Mr. Bernie.”
Armand looked at him.
“It’s because we don’t want to litigate and sue them anymore.” The person who talked was the woman’s son.
“Why?” Armand couldn’t understand. ‘They were so angry before this, they wanted to seek justice for the deceased even if they were going to lose everything, but they had changed their opinion so sudden?’
“There is no reason; we don’t want to sue them anymore.” He then pulled the woman and left after saying these.
Armand didn’t move, he had some guesses in his mind, perhaps they were forced by the power of the Day family. He had taken this case under the pressure from those lawyers in the firm, just because he wanted to help them, but they had withdrawn when he hadn’t even withdrawn.
The woman pulled her son when she had walked for a distance, she then came back and bowed toward Armand, “Thank you for taking our case, there are so many people who are worried of getting into troubles, so they are staying away from us as far as possible. We don’t want to sue them anymore, not because we don’t hate them, but it’s because we still have to move on with our lives, or else we can’t continue our life.”
The tears dropped again when the woman talked. They were just from a normal family; the Day family had married her daughter during that time, just because her daughter looked pretty.
Now, the Day family knew that they wanted to sue them and expose this matter to the public, so the Day family had put pressure on them, causing her son and daughter-in-law to lose their jobs already.
“We can’t offend the Day family. It’s fine to let us suffer from injustice, but my grandson is still young, and he still need to study and have a bright future. We can’t make those who are still alive suffer for a person who had died, so we don’t want to sue them anymore.” The woman wiped her tears away and looked up at Armand, “I still want to thank you.”
He was willing to help them even if he knew that this was a difficult case. Just for this reason, she was extremely grateful to Armand.
“The reason that my grandson could study at Pearl School was because of the help from the Day family, but now my grandson may be expelled from the school anytime,” the woman said resignedly.
They could only give in now, her daughter had gone, and she couldn’t let her grandson lose his future anymore.
They still wanted to continue their life, they wouldn’t be able to continue their life here if they were to vex the Day family.
They didn’t wish to make a concession, but this world was based on the survival of the fittest, did justice really exist all the time?
Armand said, “I understand.”
“Thank you.” The woman thanked Armand again sincerely. Their relatives who were not so close with them, were all staying away from them because they were worried of getting into troubles.
During that time when her daughter just married into the Day family, those unfamiliar relatives had also come to them, but now they had disappeared completely.
The fickleness of human nature, there were many people who would stay closer with you when you were glorious. However, there would be little of them who would help you when you were poor.
This was the human nature, there was no one to blame.
“Don’t mention it, I didn’t do anything,” Armand said, “Since you have decided in this way, I won’t intervene anymore, take care.”
“Thank you, Mr. Bernie, I…” The woman’s son said but hesitated, “I’m useless.”
He had already known that his sister’s death was caused by the Day family, but he had to bear the humiliation in order to survive.
Armand understood the contradiction and unwillingness in his mind; they were forced to give up. This was life; there were many moments when nothing could be done.
For example, him. He also had troubles and helplessness.
The woman and her son left, Armand put his arm around Theresa and walked toward the residential area.
Theresa didn’t talk all the way. This was life, there were so many things that nothing could be done.
When they had reached home, Theresa closed the door; Armand hugged her once she turned. Theresa put her hands on his chest; she lowered her voice and said, “What are you doing? You’re hugging me too tight, I almost can’t breathe.”
Theresa resisted.
Armand didn’t let her go, he lowered his head and put his forehead against her forehead, then he said, “I miss you.”
Theresa stared at him, “You meet me every day, why will you miss me?”
Armand smiled, the corners of his mouth curled up giving a nice angle, his eyes were brown, the pretty and coquettish eyes were full of love, “Don’t change the subject, you know what I’m talking about.”
Theresa lowered her eyes gently; she hadn’t done that kind of thing with him ever since she made up with him. There was still a barrier in her, she felt that she had lost an organ and she was incomplete, so she had the feeling of inferiority.
“Armand, I…” She looked up, the dark eyes under the long eyelashes were like the peaceful and clean lake water, but there was insensible withdrawal hiding deep inside.
Armand kissed on her nose gently, “I know, you’re afraid to face me, but you’re still yourself, you have never changed in my heart.”
Theresa bit her lips, her clenched fists slowly relaxed. Armand held her hands, the thumbs were stroking on her palms, “Look at me.”
She looked up.
Armand tilted his head down and kissed her lips, he pinned her against the door and kissed her hardly.
His body was hot and hard, like a volcanic rock.
Theresa was gasping for breath and pushing him, “You’re going to suffocate me.”
Armand chuckled, “I won’t let you die.” He carried her in his arms while talking and put her on the sofa, then he bent over her. He looked at her carefully, her looks were completely different from the past except for her eyes, but he knew that she was still Theresa.
He lowered his body and looked into her eyes, he said gently, “We can have a try, if you really can’t accept it, I won’t force you and let you afraid.”
#####Chapter 803 Be Selfish This Time Around 
Theresa slightly nodded. Armand got her permission. He held himself up with one hand, reached out his other hand and caressed her cheek, her eyes, her nose and her lips. He used his fingertips to imprint how she looked like. He wanted to remember how she looked like and forever keep it in his memories.
He then inched closer and Theresa closed her eyes. 
Armand kissed her slowly without rushing. He knew that Theresa was very vulnerable right now and needed protection. He whispered in her ears, “Theresa, you can tell me everything in the future, good and bad things. Don’t keep it to yourself.”
He was always jealous, back then when she was always full of smiles and was always smiling at others.
Not long after, he realized that she smiled less and less when she was with him. Her smile felt forced, she was trying to hide her feelings and didn’t want to open up to him.
Theresa opened her eyes widely in bewilderment upon hearing him.
Armand kissed her eyelid, his lips were soft but it was still ticklish. Theresa closed her eyes again.
He kissed her for a very long time. Theresa was now used to his familiar and intimate touches.
Armand unbuttoned her shirt and Theresa didn’t felt as disgusted as she thought she would be. She welcomed him with open arms.
Soon, clothing fell onto the ground, Theresa’s and Armand’s.
…
When Theresa woke up she was lying on the bed. She remembered vaguely that Armand carried her to the bedroom. Armand’s shirt was on the end of the bed. She simply grabbed it and put it on her. It was big on her and looked like a mini dress. It covered her private parts and exposed her long and slender legs.
She walked out of the room and saw Armand in the kitchen with an apron on. Theresa leaned on the door and looked at his back. He was in casual wear, his waist looked thin and his legs long. He looked slender but still powerful. His body looked delicate, just like his looks.
Boyce was hale and hearty, and Armand was pretty and handsome. His skin was fair and his facial features prominent. When he smiled foolishly he seemed unruly, but when he was serious his eyes were sparkling.
He looked young. He was in his 30s, but he looked like someone in their 20s. When he was not wearing his suit and his tie, if he tried to put on a stern face he would look like a puppy.
Theresa felt relaxed these past few days after moving out. She was smiling again. She took a stride and walked towards Armand, she then hugged his waist from behind. She looked over his shoulders and stared at the pan, “What are you cooking?”
“Prawns in tomato sauce.” The prawns in the pan were as large as his fingers. They were pink and was mostly cooked. Theresa could smell the nice fragrance. 
Theresa pursed her lips and opened up to Armand, “Just not long ago, I had to live my life every day cautiously. I was always a nervous wreck and was always scared.”
Armand turned off the stove and turned around. He wanted to touch her cheek, but he kissed her on the forehead instead after realizing that his hand might not be clean. He said softly, “I know.”
He saw everything.
But he couldn’t help her.
She was scared and anxious because of him.
“Let’s give up on the surrogacy,” said Armand with a serious look on his face.
Theresa grazed the part between his eyebrows, “I like it more when you smile.”
Armand couldn’t smile.
Theresa said after pausing briefly, “Let’s try it one more time. We’ll give up if we fail this time. We have to finish what we started.”
Armand hugged her and said, “Okay, one last time. It doesn’t matter to me if we fail…” he paused briefly, “We won’t move back to my place, I’ll talk about it with my grandmother.”
Theresa agreed. She couldn’t handle his grandmother; she liked how relaxing it was to live outside on their own.
“Then, I’ll be selfish this time around. I’ll hide behind you while you deal with everything,” Theresa laughed happily.
Armand liked looking at her like this. He liked that she was smiling again, he liked that she was honest with him.
At the end of the month, Theresa did it the second time. She was anxious the whole time. She was afraid that the outcome wouldn’t change. If this wasn’t successful, she would have to suffer and take all the pain. She was afraid that the doctor would say that it failed again.
After her eggs were retrieved, Armand bought her home. The hospital smelled like antiseptic and Theresa was tired of the smell. Every second passed in the hospital was draining for Theresa, she couldn’t even breathe well.
It was great that she could go home and rest. 
Armand was by her side the whole time.
Elizabeth never asked about Theresa. Armand was dealing with her and Theresa didn’t want to think about it.
At the end of the month, Boyce came back.
Jasmine said that she didn’t have time to stay here because of her classes and moved to the dorm, but it was an excuse. Jasmine left the night Boyce came back.
Boyce stupidly believed what she said; he thought that Jasmine was really busy with her studies. Matthew knew that Boyce was back and invited him over for a meal. Boyce went to his place around noon.
Dolores noticed that he was alone, she asked, “Why is Jasmine not with you? You can rarely come back because of your job.”
They were newlywed; they should’ve been stuck like glue. But Boyce was alone.
Dolores went to City C not long ago. She tried to convince Matthew to let her bring their youngest along with her to City C. She had a business over there. She gave birth and was out of postpartum confinement. She didn’t want to give up the business she poured her heart into.
Matthew didn’t agree. The money he earned was enough and they had more than enough money. By going to City C, their family would be living apart.
Dolores understood his concern, which was why she didn’t push it and was waiting for Matthew to have a change of heart. 
She was holding her youngest son. He wasn’t wrinkly like a newborn anymore. He was cute and pinkish, looking more like Dolores than his father. Andrew looked like his father, but her younger son looked like her.
Boyce answered, “She’s busy with her studies. She went back to her dorm.”
Dolores felt that something wasn’t right. Jasmine visited a few days ago. She mentioned that she didn’t have many classes anymore and was looking for an internship.
#####Chapter 804 Didn't Your Husband Give You Any Allowance?
Dolores looked at Boyce and asked, “Are you guys fighting?”
Boyce was surprised that Dolores would say something like that, he answered, “No?”
Dolores didn’t seem to believe what Boyce said, but she didn’t ask any more questions. Boyce wasn’t a child anymore, but Jasmine was also much younger than him. Sometimes, a girl could have more delicate thoughts. Dolores told Boyce, “You know Jasmine’s situation the best, you need to love and protect her, make her feel like she has a family. Don’t make her feel abandoned.”
Boyce smiled and nodded in agreement. 
He was nice in his own way towards Jasmine. He supported her studies. When she said that she wanted to stay in the dorm because she was busy with her studies, he didn’t stop her or say anything, even though he wanted to spend more time with her when he came back.
He even drove her there. 
But Boyce thought about it and felt that Jasmine was indeed different from before. She used to be full of zeal and liked to be close to him. But lately, she was indifferent and cold. Did he do something wrong?
He pondered about it. The last time before he went back, they didn’t fight. He was busier these days and they weren’t in contact very much, there was not even a chance to argue.
Maybe he was overthinking it. Maybe Jasmine wasn’t angry at him.
“Give me the baby.” Jessica walked over and got the baby from Dolores’ arm. “The baby needs more sleep at this stage.” 
Dolores handed the baby to Jessica and went to pour two glasses of water. She put one in front of Boyce and asked, “When is the next time you’re coming back?”
“In a month or so,” Boyce replied.  
Dolores nodded; she took a sip of water and asked, “How many days were you here already? When are you going back?”
“I was quite busy recently. After finishing up the things there I finally have some free time now. I can stay for one more day, so I’m going back on Tuesday. And the next time I come back, I should be almost done with my studies there,” said Boyce.
“I know that you’re busy, but even so, you still should make time to be with Jasmine.” When Jasmine came over last time, Dolores noticed that there was something on her mind. She kept smiling, but she spaced out a lot.
Boyce nodded, “I know.”
“Food is ready.” Coral put the dishes on the table. It was quiet at Dolores’ place today. It was Sunday and Jayden brought his grandsons to the museum. They weren’t coming back for lunch; Matthew as well as he had some business to attend to.
It wasn’t as merry as it used to be.
Boyce went back after the meal. He sat in the car and realized that he had nowhere to go. There was no one at home, Jasmine wasn’t home. He took out his phone and messaged Jasmine, “Have you eaten lunch?”
Jasmine was at the canteen. She bought something to eat but didn’t have the appetite. Her phone buzzed and she took out her phone. She noticed that it was Boyce who messaged her and she quickly unlocked her phone. She was angry about Boyce not taking the initiative to contact her, but she couldn’t help but want to care about him and feel happy because of a message from him.
She read it and tried to act indifferent as she replied, ‘Yes.’
Boyce held his phone and didn’t know what else to say. Should he tell her that he missed her? Was that too cheesy? Jasmine was at school now, so he asked, ‘What did you eat?’
Jasmine was speechless.
How could he be such an idiot?
She held her breath and replied, ‘Yoghurt drink, salad, sandwich.’
Boyce realized that it was a stupid question, and then he asked, ‘How many more classes do you have today?’
There was a light of hope in Jasmine’s eyes, she replied, ‘Why?’
Boyce quickly typed, ‘I want to see you…’
But then he hesitated and changed it, ‘Let’s have dinner together.’
Jasmine was speechless again.
Such an idiotic man!
‘I have classes, no time.’ Jasmine wrote and put her phone on the table. She didn’t have an appetite, to begin with, and now she felt worse. 
Elaine went up to her, “Jasmine, let’s go shopping after this since we have no classes in the afternoon.”
Jasmine didn’t want to go and wasn’t in the mood.
She asked Elaine, “Have you found an internship position yet?”
Elaine shook her head, “Not yet, how about you?”
“I’m aiming for Double H Stock Exchange.” Jasmine studied finance and wanted to work in a company that was related to her field. She wanted to gain relevant experiences.
But it wasn’t easy to get into that particular company. She couldn’t get in without help.
“Ask your husband to help you, he must know somebody,” said Elaine enviously, “I’m so envious. You’re already married before graduating from university, not to mention that your husband is a good man. If I were you, I would quit studying. I would just stay at home and be a housewife, taking care of my children and my husband. Isn’t that great as well?”
Jasmine glanced at her, she didn’t want to be a housewife.
She wanted to be equal with Boyce.
Initially, she wanted to take the test to become a policewoman. But then she thought that maybe it wasn’t a good idea for both of them to work in the same field. So, she decided to study what she originally wanted to do. 
“Jasmine, I’ll treat you to a drink. Come shopping with me.” Elaine held Jasmine’s arm, “It would be so boring, shopping alone.”
Jasmine pursed her lips.
“Two drinks. I’ll buy you two drinks, okay?”
Jasmine glanced at her and said, “Fine. Just one drink is enough.”
“Then hurry up and finish your food.” Elaine urged Jasmine to eat faster so that they could go shopping.
Jasmine grabbed her chopsticks and glanced at her phone. There was no new message. She took her phone and put it into her pocket, lowered her head and continued eating.
After eating, Elaine called a cab. They got in the car at the university entrance. Jasmine thought Elaine wanted to go to Peace Street. Peace Street had everything and the prices were usually reasonable. She didn’t know that Elaine wanted to go to a shopping mall.
They were students and didn’t have that much money.
Clothes at the shopping mall were more on the expensive side.
Jasmine asked, “What do you want to buy?”
“I want to buy business attire, for job interviews,” said Elaine as she looked at Jasmine, “Are you not going to buy one?”
Jasmine shook her head, “I have one already.”
“You bought it from Peace Street, didn’t you?” Elaine stared at her.
Jasmine did buy it at Peace Street. She thought that it was good enough, “What’s so bad about that? It suits my identity.”
She never worked a serious job before. She thought wearing branded clothing would make her seemed phoney.
She would also only be an intern, there was no use wearing nice and branded clothing.
But Elaine disagreed, she thought that good clothing could make one feel more confident, “Didn’t your husband give you an allowance?”
#####Chapter 805 Do Not Know Self-Limitation 
Jasmine had money. The card that Boyce gave her last time contained Boyce’s savings. She did not spend much. Although she had money, she would not spend lavishly. She was still quite arrogant and unwilling to simply get advantages from others.
Although Boyce was his husband and she was not yet working and had no much money with her, she would not use Boyce’s money to squander. If she wanted to buy expensive items, she would want to get them with her own efforts.
Not hearing Jasmine say anything, Elaine’s eyes widened, “Your husband will give you money to spend, right?” Immediately after this, she added, “You’re so much younger than him, shouldn’t he take care of you with money?”
Jasmine found these words especially harsh. ‘She is younger so she ought to be taken care of by others?’
‘What kind of logic is this?’
These words sounded derogatory as if the reason why she married Boyce was that she was fond of his money and his social status.
“I married him because I like him, not because of his money,” Jasmine stressed.
Elaine smiled and comforted her, “I know. I didn’t say anything though, don’t get agitated.”
Jasmine glanced at her and did not quite believe her words.
Elaine sighed, “Okay, okay, I’ve said the wrong thing. I didn’t mean other things, don’t think too much.”
In fact, she was really unintentional to say that. She did not intend to say that the reason why Jasmine got married so early was because of others’ wealth.
But because she wanted to continue the topic, she casually uttered this sentence. She did not expect that Jasmine would be so sensitive.
When they arrived at the place, Elaine went to buy bubble tea. The two of them walked into the mall arm in arm. As it was the weekend, there were quite many people.
“Women’s clothing is there, let’s go over there.” Elaine pulled Jasmine. Jasmine was just accompanying her to do window shopping. She did not intend to buy anything so she just followed her.
After Boyce left, Jessica Lennon said the weather was slowly becoming cooler and said Andrew Nelson’s long-sleeved jacket was a little too small as he grew a lot taller so there was a need to buy a new one. She also said there was a need to buy for Amanda Nelson’s too as some of the clothes last year were too small for her body too. She was not as tall as Andrew but she also grew taller this year.
Jessica and Coral would take care of the child. Dolores Flores came out to buy autumn clothes for the two children.
Now, she was feeling more and more like a housewife and was even the kind of housewife who was very comfortable. When she went out, there would be a driver so she did not even need to drive herself. At home, Jessica and Coral would help her take care of the children.
As for the money, Matthew Nelson would earn it. It was as if she did not have anything to do. She did not like this kind of lifestyle. She hoped that she could do whatever she liked to do.
However, Matthew did not allow her to go to City C so she could only be a housewife at home.
She had been here for a while. The driver followed her and was already carrying a few paper bags. She originally wanted to buy clothes for Amanda and Andrew but when she saw the baby store, she went in. She saw a lot of cute small clothes so she bought a few clothes and some baby supplies.
On the other side, Elaine pulled Jasmine and walked closer to a jewellery store. Jasmine blinked and looked at her, “Elaine, do you want to buy something?”
Elaine whispered in her ear, “No.”
Jasmine did not understand. ‘Since she doesn’t intend to buy, why does she want to go into the store? Also, there are apparently no cheap things there. The expensive ones cost about 2.5k dollars and the cheap ones cost more than a hundred dollars. Things below a hundred dollars completely cannot be found.’
“Since you’re not buying, we shouldn’t go in to see.” Jasmine thought it was not necessary. Shopping without buying was a waste of time. Besides, it seemed a bit embarrassed to just look at it without buying.
“Jasmine, we’re here to do window-shopping. I’ll just take a look. Anyway, it won’t cost me anything to try it on.”
While saying, Elaine pulled Jasmine and walked into the store. After entering, an attendant came over to serve them.
Elaine pulled Jasmine and walked to the necklace area. There lighting of the jewellery store was very sufficient and it made the jewellery made of expensive metal material shine brightly.
All women liked those exquisite trinkets. Jasmine also liked those. It was just that she was capable to resist herself and only do things within her capability.
She never did things that were beyond her ability.
Elaine now also did not have the financial ability to buy these things. She just liked those things. Even if she could not afford to buy one, it was good for her to try it on as well.
She pointed to a platinum necklace that she had seen its replica countless times on the Internet. When she saw the genuine one now, she was eager to try it on, “Could you take this one out for me to take a look?”
The salesperson with white gloves on her hands said yes, opened the glass case and took the necklace out. She put it in the red velvet jewellery tray for her to see.
It was a fine platinum necklace with a delicate heart-shaped pendant hanging on it. The pendant was very simple. It was made of platinum and looked just like a small heart shape. A small diamond was inlaid on the side. It looked exquisite and was very suitable for a small woman with fair skin.
Elaine took it. This was much brighter than those replicas she saw on the Internet. She was eager to try it on, “Can I try it on?”
The salesperson said, “Yes.”
Elaine gave the necklace to the salesperson and asked her to help her put it on.
Soon, the salesperson helped Elaine put the necklace on. She was quite a pretty woman and the necklace suited her well.
"This necklace suits you very well.” The salesperson enthusiastically gave her the mirror to take a look.
Elaine looked in the mirror at the necklace that was shining on her neck. She liked it from the bottom of her heart.
“How much is it?”
“2.47k dollars,” the salesperson said, “Platinum is certainly expensive. In addition, there is a high-quality diamond on it so the price is undoubtedly not too cheap.”
Elaine looked in the mirror and reached out her hand to touch the very small diamond. Diamonds that were too small belong to broken diamonds so there was no value.
“Is there any event for discount?” Elaine let the salesperson help her take it off her body.
The salesperson took it down for her and said, “This is the latest model. It won’t be discounted.”
“Okay.”
“You’re very discerning. This necklace really suits you well. It looks good on you and you look very feminine. Upon wearing it, the feeling you give off has changed and you look very classy.”
Elaine truly liked it but she also knew she could not afford to buy it.
She could only buy it later when she had money.
“Actually, I don’t quite like it. We’ll go to another store to take a look.” Elaine smiled and pulled Jasmine to walk out.
The salesperson put the necklace back into the glass case and muttered, “Just say you can’t afford it if you can’t afford it. What for you said you don’t like it. You don’t know your self-limitation at all.”
Elaine was not pleased when she heard that. She turned her head to look at her, “What did you just say?”
#####Chapter 806 Wasted a Great Time
The saleswoman smiled and said, “I didn’t say anything.”
“I clearly heard you speak just now. You said I can’t afford it.” Elaine’s face turned red and she really could not accept others to say so.
The saleswoman was still smiling, “You heard it wrongly. I didn’t say anything.”
“I’m not deaf. You’ve clearly said it.” Elaine’s eyes turned red and she pulled Jasmine, “Did you hear her say it?”
Jasmine pursed her lips without saying anything. She pulled Elaine, “Let’s leave here.”
The saleswoman did say it and she heard her say it. However, if she said yes, Elaine would definitely quarrel with her. She did not want Elaine to quarrel with such a person.
The saleswoman obviously looked down on them. But, she was very wise and would not be impulsive to argue with others. She was different from Elaine. Her family background was not very good but it was also considered a well-off family. She raised herself very early and had suffered too much disdain from others.
She knew that when facing such a person, the best way was to let her go and ignore her.
But, Elaine could not stand to be said so by others.
“You’ve clearly said it, don’t think I didn’t hear it. Let me tell you, if you don’t apologize, this isn’t going to be over!” Elaine shouted, “Where is your store manager? Where is the manager? I want to complain!”
Some other staff came to persuade her, “She really didn’t say anything. Since you didn’t buy anything, you should quickly leave here.”
“I didn’t buy anything, so what? I didn’t buy it because I don’t like it, who are you to comment about me like that?” Elaine’s cheeks turned red.
The saleswoman who was standing at the counter to get the necklace for Elaine stared at Elaine, “Did I say it wrong? Can you afford to buy it? If you buy it now, I’ll apologize to you immediately!” The saleswoman was sure that Elaine could not afford it and that was why she was so arrogant.
Hearing this, Elaine was anxious. Her face reddened even more.
“Why don’t you say anything?” The saleswoman looked at her and knew what she said was right so she became even ruder, “If you can’t afford it, just say you can’t afford to buy it, what for you said you don’t like it? Nowadays, there are really more and more women who are materialistic.”
Elaine’s face had turned to the colour of molten lava and her tears almost trickled down.
“Jasmine?” Dolores was standing at the door. When she passed by the entrance of this store, she saw someone who looked like Jasmine standing inside. She walked closer and took a look and it seemed like it was really her.
‘Didn’t Boyce say she had a lot of classes? How come she is in the mall?’
Jasmine turned her head and saw Dolores walking over, “Dolores.”
Dolores nodded gently, glanced inside and asked, “Are you here to buy something?”
Jasmine shook her head, “I come with my classmate.”
“Oh, you don’t have class?” Dolores asked tentatively.
Jasmine said, “I don’t have class.”
Dolores sighed in her mind. ‘Is she angry with Boyce? She lied to him and said that she was being busy?’
“I’m also here to shop. Do you want to come to my house tonight for dinner?” Dolores intended to let Boyce know Jasmine was angry with him. When he was away, he would be away for a month. Now, he finally got a chance to come back but the two of them still had a dispute. It was a waste of a great time.
Jasmine pursed her lips, “My friend…”
Dolores walked in and asked, “What’s wrong?”
The driver also walked in. He was not only a driver but also a bodyguard.
Jasmine held Elaine’s hand and said, “Let’s go, don’t waste time on her.”
Elaine wiped her face and lowered her head, not saying a word.
Dolores looked at the angry saleswoman for two seconds and then looked at Jasmine’s friend. She roughly understood what was going on.
She smiled and said to Jasmine, “I haven’t given you any wedding gift yet after you and Boyce got married. Since we meet today, it’s just nice. Pick an item you like. I’ll give it to you as a wedding gift.”
Jasmine quickly shook her head and said, “No, no need.”
The things here were too expensive. She could not accept it.
“It’s okay. Don’t you know the relationship between Matthew and Boyce? Pick one.”
As she said, she walked to the counter. When one had money, one naturally had confidence. There would be an imposing aura no matter where one stood.
She pointed to a necklace below the counter, “Take this one out for me to see.”
The saleswoman who argued with Elaine just now immediately smiled and took out the necklace pointed by Dolores.
“Jasmine, come here and try it on.” Dolores turned her head to look at her.
Jasmine pulled Elaine and walked over.
Dolores picked it up and helped her put it on to see how the effect was.
She was discerning. It was a very thin necklace with a four-leaf clover pendant which was a classic model on it. The pendant was inlaid with red onyx. It was small, delicate and very suitable for someone of Jasmine’s age. She had fair skin so she looked energetic upon wearing the red four-leaf clover.
Jasmine’s eyes that looked at Dolores were sparkling. She indeed liked this style and had paid attention to it before. She did not expect that Dolores would pick this style for her to try on at once.
“Do you like it?” Dolores gave her the mirror to take a look.
Jasmine was wearing a white light-collared T-shirt today and exposing her collarbone. She wore a small suit with three light colours and bracelet sleeves as an outermost outfit. She was very good-looking with a necklace like that on her.
Elaine wiped the corner of her eyes and said, “You look good with it on you.”
Jasmine thought about the necklace that Elaine just wore, “Can I try on this one too?”
#####Chapter 807 Comparisons Are Odious
The saleswoman froze and glanced at Elaine.
Dolores asked, “Cannot?”
The saleswoman smiled again and said yes. Then, she took out the necklace.
Dolores helped Jasmine put it on. This model was similar to the one that Dolores took just now. Both were thin necklaces with a simple pendant. Only the style of the pendant was different so the effect was similar.
Anyway, young women with fair skin would look delicate to wear thin necklaces.
Dolores saw that she looked quite good also with it so she asked Jasmine, “Which one do you like?”
Jasmine said, “This one.”
She still wanted to vent the anger for Elaine. No matter what, this saleswoman should not criticize her like that.
‘Perhaps it’s not appropriate that Elaine just tried it on without buying it. However, she also should not verbally attack her.’
‘As a salesperson who serves customers, she should not treat customers like that.’
‘Everyone is not rich, why must she deliberately make things difficult for others?’
‘If she were a rich person, she wouldn’t have come to be a salesperson to sell things here.’
Dolores said, “Okay, then I’ll buy this one.” She took out a card from her wallet and put it on the counter.
The saleswoman hurriedly took the card, “Please wait a moment.”
She took the card and walked to the front desk to process the payment.
Also, she turned her head to glare at Elaine. She was very irritated. ‘How can this kind of person have such a rich friend?’
Dolores was dressed in clothes with a simple style that was not extravagant. However, she emitted a feeling that she was a confident person. Moreover, a man in a black suit who worked as a driver and a bodyguard was following her to carry things for her so she just emitted feeling that would make one thing that she was a wealthy person.
Soon, the saleswoman came over with the receipt and the card. She said with a smile, “Do you need me to help you wrap it up?”
Seeing Jasmine look good with it, Dolores said, “She’ll just wear it. Put the receipt and warranty list in the box for her.”
“Okay.” The saleswoman put everything in a delicately wrapped box and handed it over, “Welcome to visit our store again.”
Dolores took the box, smiled and said, “Let’s go.”
Jasmine pulled Elaine and followed her to walk out.
When they were quite distant from the store, Jasmine said, “Isn’t this a little too expensive.”
‘2.47k dollars is almost 2.5k dollars. When did she ever wear such expensive jewellery.’
Dolores smiled and said, “The most important thing is that you like it.”
Jasmine hesitated for a moment and asked if she was spending Matthew’s money.
Dolores smiled and said, “My own.”
Most of the shares of the WY Group were in her hands. She was an invisible rich woman.
Matthew was just working for her. He worked so hard to run the company. But in the end, the money was hers.
Jasmine said, “I want to be like you in the future, financially independent.”
Dolores said, “What belongs to mine is also his, what belongs to his is also mine. We’re already married, there isn’t a need to be so specific. Do you and Boyce have a dispute?”
She asked tentatively.
Jasmine shook her head, “We’re good.”
Dolores obviously did not buy her words but she did not expose her and said with a smile, “I still have things to buy, do you want to shop together with me?”
“Yes.” Elaine felt that she would always have the confidence to be with Dolores.
Jasmine said, “Okay. You’re alone, we two can still talk with you. We can also help you look for the things that you want to buy.”
Dolores said let us go.
So, Dolores who came alone to shop was now with another two people.
 Elaine and Jasmine followed Dolores.
“It looks so good.” Elaine reached out and touched Jasmine’s necklace, “That saleswoman is too arrogant, how could she look down on others. I must earn a lot of money in the future.”
Jasmine said, “We can do it.”
She also wanted to earn a lot of money. She also wanted to help children and build schools for them.
Dolores walked into a children’s clothing store. Elaine pulled Jasmine, “She, has a child?”
Jasmine smiled and asked in a low voice, “She looks so young like us, right?”
Elaine nodded vigorously, “She looks really young.”
“She is the mother of three children. Her first two children are a pigeon pair. Now, her son and daughter are in primary school and they’re good-looking. The youngest child is a son. He’s also super cute.”
Jasmine said in a manner as if they were her children. She had a sense of pride.
Elaine secretly peeked at Dolores who was looking at clothes and asked in a whisper, “Is she very rich? There is even a bodyguard following her when she comes out to shop.”
Jasmine nodded, “Her husband is the boss of the WY Group.”
Elaine’s eyes widened and her jaw dropped. After a while, she seemed to have thought of something, “Is she the one who was welcomed by a grand wedding not long ago?”
 Jasmine nodded.
Elaine let out a moan and was very envious, “How come she is so lucky?”
The man she married was not only super handsome but also very rich.
Jasmine patted her head, “You certainly won’t have such good luck. Focus on studies.”
Elaine laughed and forgot all the displeasure just now. She said with a smile, “Look at her, her body shape is still so good despite having given birth to three children. Many women’s bodies go out of shape after giving birth. How come she is not fat at all? Hers still looks the same as ours.”
Jasmine said, “I don’t know. Maybe she has a good body quality.”
Elaine skimmed, “Won’t such body quality make others envy and jealous?”
Jasmine laughed, “You have to add one more.”
“What?” Elaine looked at Jasmine.
“She not only has a good body shape but also pretty and has fair skin,” said Jasmine.
Elaine blinked and said with some depression, “Yes, although I’m also a woman, I…”
She looked down at herself. Although her name consisted of the word ‘snow’, her skin was not fair although her body shape was still fine, not the chubby kind.
Seeing that she had given birth but her skin was still so exquisite, as the saying went, comparisons are odious.
“What are you two doing, come over and help me see if this looks good?” Dolores held a red children’s sweater in her hand, wanting to ask their opinion. When she turned her head, she found the two of them standing at the entrance and whispering.
#####Chapter 808 Did I Do Something Wrong?
“Yeah, we’re here.” Elaine pulled Jasmine over quickly.
Dolores glanced at the two and asked with a smile, “Why whispering?”
Jasmine smiled, “Elaine saw you buying children’s clothes and asked me if you were having a baby. I replied that you were a mother of three, and she said that you don’t look your age.”
“And you look gorgeous too.” Elaine added.
Dolores smiled faintly. She was mortal. She was still happy inside without showing it on the surface when being praised for her beauty.
“Is it a boy?” Elaine looked at the red sweatshirt in Dolores’s hand that seemed like a male version.
Dolores nodded.
The shop attendant said, “This sweatshirt looks good with black casual trousers and jeans.”
Dolores had a passion for colour matching and needed no introduction from the attendant. She had a unique perspective as a fashion designer, and her children were always well-dressed too.
She asked them over to look at it because they were young and would have different perspectives. She needed to be exposed to new things to improve herself.
Elaine looked at the model wearing this, and it looked fantastic with the black casual trousers.
“I think it looks good.”
Jasmine also said, “It does look pretty cool with white skate shoes.”
Elaine pointed at a pair of chunky white sneakers and said, “It looks good with these.”
“It should go with white skate shoes.”
The two were arguing with each other. Dolores looked at them and smiled. How funny it was.
It was good to be young.
She looked young, but she was much more mentally mature than they.
Dolores bought two sets in this shop and then went to other shops. She ended up buying two or three outfits for both kids.
Dolores asked the driver to send Elaine back to school before she and Jasmine returned to the villa.
Dolores’ baby, Joshua, was awake at the moment, with big round eyes. Jasmine was about to carry him after washing her hands, while Dolores took the clothes into the room and took out her phone to text Boyce, “Come over to the villa for dinner.”
Boyce was watching TV alone at home at the moment. He was indeed quite bored without Jasmine at home.
He picked up his phone when hearing the notification sound, thinking it was Jasmine. But it turned out to be Dolores, and he was a little disappointed. He didn’t want to go out and replied, “I’m not going over.”
Soon Dolores’s message came through again, “Jasmine is here. Come or not, it’s up to you.”
After sending this message, Dolores put down her phone and walked out. Jasmine was sitting on the sofa playing with Joshua. When she saw Dolores come out, she said, “I find that he looks just like you.”
Dolores said, “Really?”
“Yeah. It’s lucky for a boy to look like his mother and for a girl to look like her father. It seems he’s a lucky one.”
Jasmine heard this from the elders. There was no scientific basis for it, but it was still quite auspicious. After all, the kid either looked like the mother or the father.
Dolores sat down, reaching out to touch her son’s cheek and asked Jasmine, “Are you tired after walking so long today?”
Jasmine shook her head and said she was not tired.
She didn’t feel tired as there was always someone to pour water for her and a sofa to sit on whenever she arrived at a shop. So, she didn’t really walk much.
Dolores asked Coral to prepare more food.
About half an hour later, Matthew came back, followed by Boyce.
After receiving Dolores’s second message, Boyce immediately asked how Jasmine could be at the villa.
Didn’t she go to school? She said she had no time to go back because she had too many classes. And even if she came back, she wouldn’t have time to spend with him. So how could she be at the villa?
Dolores didn’t look at her mobile phone and naturally didn’t reply to him. So he put down his phone and immediately rushed over.
When Boyce came, it was Dolores who opened the door. He was just about to ask what was going on?
But Dolores interrupted him first, “Come in. Jasmine is here too.”
She pretended not to know anything.
Jasmine’s movement of drinking water gave a pause, ‘Boyce’s here?’
‘How could he come?’
She panicked instantly.
“Jasmine.” Boyce walked in.
Jasmine lumped in her throat as she looked up, feeling aggravated.
She averted her gaze.
She knew everything in her heart, knowing that Boyce was like this. But… they just had such an intimate behaviour, and he was like disappearing after that, no messages or phone calls to her.
He still gave her the cold shoulder when contacting her once after a long time.
She minded in her heart. She had just become a woman and hoped that this man would care for her more.
Dolores didn’t stay in the living room and went upstairs, leaving the space to them.
Boyce sat next to Jasmine and whispered, “Didn’t you say that you have many classes? How come…”
“I have many classes during the day, but not at night. I have to eat. No point of not eating just because of having so many classes.” Jasmine said faintly.
Boyce looked at her and asked belatedly, “Are you mad?”
Jasmine denied, “No.”
Boyce didn’t know what he had done wrong, and it just felt not right.
“Jasmine, tell me if you are unhappy.” It took him so long to say this.
Jasmine held the cup with both hands, “I’m not sad. I’m happy every day. Apart from classes and looking for an internship company, I don’t have the time to be sad.”
Boyce now obviously felt that something was wrong, ‘Jasmine wasn’t like this before. Why was she harsh when she spoke?’
He thought for a moment, “Did I do something wrong?”
Jasmine said, “No.”
Boyce wanted to say something else, but Dolores and Matthew came down from upstairs at that moment, so he stopped talking. No matter what he had with Jasmine, he couldn’t just argue with her right now. It would be a joke.
Matthew took a shower and changed into his casual wear. He looked outstanding, too, in his casual outfits besides wearing his suit.
He asked about Boyce’s work.
The two men just talked about their work. Jasmine got up and walked away to help in the kitchen.
Boyce looked up at her and slowly lowered his eyes.
#####Chapter 809 Boyce, Do You Think It Looks Good?
The door of the room opened at this moment, and Jayden came back with the two kids. Amanda was holding a balloon butterfly, and when she ran over, the butterfly also swayed in her hands as if flapping its wings.
She asked as soon as she came in, “Where’s Jos?”
She wanted to give the balloon to her brother.
Andrew crossed his arms and thought that Joshua was a boy and wouldn’t like such things at all.
Jessica came out of the room and said, “Jos is sleeping. Don’t disturb him.”
Amanda pouted and headed towards Matthew, calling out intimately, “Daddy.”
Matthew carried her on his lap, tucked her hair, which was a bit messy, behind her ear, and asked softly, “What did you do today?”
Then Amanda told him about the places she had visited.
Jayden greeted Boyce and went inside. He was old and a bit tired after spending all day with the children.
Andrew sat straight by the side, watching Amanda sitting in Matthew’s arms.
Boyce patted Andrew, “I find you are getting quieter and quieter.”
Andrew said icily, “Should I be like my sister and let my dad hold me? I’ve grown up. Isn’t that ashamed?”
Boyce laughed.
Amanda then stared at him with wide eyes and said, “You are just jealous of me being hugged by daddy, right?”
“Huh! Childish!” He slid off the sofa and went inside after saying that.
Boyce smiled at Matthew, “Andrew is becoming more and more like you now.”
“I look like daddy too.” Amanda wrapped her arms around Matthew’s neck and asked him, “Daddy, do I look like you?”
Matthew pinched her cheeks and said yes.
Both Amanda and Andrew looked like him, and now that they had grown up, they were 90 per cent similar to him.
However, the younger one resembled Dolores a little more.
“I’ll go and see Jos.” Amanda got down from Matthew’s arms.
“Be gentle, and don’t wake him up.” Matthew said.
“Okay.” After saying that, she took the balloon butterfly and went into the house.
After about an hour, it was time for dinner.
Jasmine was helping Coral serve the food. Dolores was also helping in the kitchen. Now that Joshua was asleep, and Jessica was here now, Dolores washed her hands and walked out of the kitchen to Jayden’s room. She was just about to knock on the door and found that the door was open. There was a big gap, and she could vaguely see Jayden standing on the balcony coughing.
The window of the balcony was closed as if he was afraid that people might hear him.
Dolores knocked on the door, and Jayden found her pulling open the balcony door and walking over.
“Dad, are you sick?” Dolores asked with concern when seeing him not looking well.
Jayden froze for a moment and waved his hand, “It’s nothing. I just have a cold.”
Dolores nodded, “There’s medicine at home. I’ll bring it over to you later.”
“I’ve bought it.” Jayden said.
Dolores was still uneasy, “Do you want to go to the hospital for a check-up?” He was getting older, and she had recently noticed that Jayden didn’t carry Joshua anymore, which he used to love to do.
“It’s just a cold. Don’t worry.”
Dolores pursed her lips and said, “Then come out for dinner.”
Jayden nodded.
In the dining room, dinner was already served. Jayden washed his hands and walked over to sit at the main seat.
Together with Jasmine and Boyce, there was a table full of people.
Today’s dinner was very sumptuous. The seafood was quite plentiful at this time of the year, and there was a lot of it.
Dolores peeled shrimps for the two kids. Andrew said, “Mommy, you eat first. I’ll peel them myself.”
Amanda said, “I want to peel them myself too.”
So Dolores put the peeled prawns in her hand on Matthew’s plate, and the two kids peeled them themselves.
Amanda peeled one and ate it first. She felt it tasted good and continued to peel it. Shen then got out of her chair and ran over to give it to Jayden.
Jayden smiled kindly, “I didn’t love Amy for no reason.”
Amanda chuckled and said, “Grandma, don’t be jealous. I’ll peel it for you right away.”
Jessica also laughed, “I was going to say did you forget about me? My granddaughter is dutiful and hasn’t forgotten me.”
Andrew put the peeled shrimps on Dolores’s plate and the second on Jessica’s without saying a word.
Dolores reached out to touch her son’s head, putting the shrimp back into his bowl, “You’re growing and need to eat more.”
“Andrew will grow taller.” Jasmine said, “I see that many kids his age aren’t as tall as him.”
Dolores also thought that her son did grow quite tall like Matthew.
She looked over at Boyce and then at Jasmine. Although they were both sitting calmly next to each other, they looked awkward too.
Dolores knew much about Boyce’s nature, so she deliberately asked Jasmine, “Jasmine, are there many boys at your school?”
Boyce subconsciously turned to Jasmine.
Jasmine nodded, “Quite a lot.”
“Are there any good-looking ones?” Dolores asked again.
This time Matthew looked at Dolores.
‘She’s like not enough for just having me as a husband, and even asked Jasmine if there were any handsome boys at school. What do you want?’
“Are there any handsome and well-qualified boys pursuing you?” Dolores winked towards Jasmine.
At first, Jasmine didn’t understand what Dolores meant, but now she understood and said, “Yes.”
After saying that, she also reached out to touch the necklace around her neck and said, “This is what a very handsome and well-endowed guy gave me.”
She even deliberately showed it to Boyce while saying, “Boyce, do you think it looks good?”
Boyce was speechless.
#####Chapter 810  Love the Man She Had Chosen
Dolores snickered, seeing Boyce’s hilarious look.
Boyce looked at Jasmine for a moment and then looked at the necklace around her neck. He didn’t see Jasmine wearing this necklace before. She had never worn any jewellery such as a necklace. He felt panic instantly. All the male students in her school were of equal age, plus he was busy these two months and not much at home.
He couldn’t just say anything to Jasmine in front of so many people. So he just bit the bullet, “You can’t just accept other people’s things.”
Jasmine took a bite of her food and chewed slowly, “It’s a wedding gift, so I can’t refuse it.”
Boyce’s face looked ugly, “He still gave it to you even knowing that you’re married?”
Jasmine nodded.
Boyce pursed his lips, “Give it back. I’ll buy you whatever you like.”
Jasmine couldn’t hold back her laughter, “Do you really want me to return it to Dolores?”
Boyce was speechless.
He turned to Dolores.
Dolores looked at him, “I gave it to her. I did that on purpose just now, just to give you a sense of crisis. Jasmine is young and beautiful, and there must be boys pursuing her in school. You need to be more attentive. You have to take it to heart even if you’re married.”
“I got.” Boyce felt aggrieved. He had always been charming to Jasmine.
Seeing that Boyce was at a loss for words, Jasmine grabbed his hands from under the table. Earlier, she was still angry with him for not contacting her and giving her the cold shoulder. But she was soft-hearted seeing his overwhelmed look.
Boyce clutched his hand, with his palm sweating.
Jasmine and Boyce went back after dinner.
Jasmine sat in the passenger seat while Boyce drove. They were quiet and didn’t say anything.
Jasmine grabbed the seat belt on her chest and spoke first, “Don’t you have anything to say to me?”
In fact, Boyce had many things to ask Jasmine, just that he didn’t know how.
Jasmine sighed, “After you left that day, I woke up, and you were already gone, and never called me. You just sent me a message, and… forget about it.”
She found that there was no point in mentioning it now.
Boyce pulled the car over to the roadside. He thought for a moment before saying, “I was swamped back then.”
Jasmine lowered her eyes and said, “But you rarely contacted me after that. Was it so hard to send me a message to say hello and that you missed me?”
“Sometimes it’s very late, and I thought you would be resting…”
“I’ve been waiting for you to contact me every day.” Jasmine looked up at him, interrupting his words, with tears filling her eyes.
Boyce instantly panicked, seeing her on the verge of tears, “Jasmine, I’m sorry.”
Jasmine wiped the corners of her eyes, “Forget it.”
She knew he was like this when she was with him. There was nothing to complain about.
“Go home.”
She turned her head to look ahead.
Boyce blamed himself for seeing her cry and reached out to wipe her tears, “It was an oversight on my part. I’ll call you when I have time…”
Jasmine looked at him, wrapped her arms around his neck, buried her face in the nook of his neck and choked, “I didn’t mean to be angry with you. It’s just that when you don’t contact me, I can’t help myself thinking that you don’t love me, don’t care about me, don’t want me… We’ve just been so close, and I just want you to care more about me…”
Boyce hugged her, caressing her back, “I miss you a lot. I love you.”
“Why didn’t you call me then?” Jasmine questioned.
Boyce had nothing to say, “It won’t happen again.”
Jasmine sniffled, “Will you call me?”
Boyce nodded, “Definitely will. Don’t cry.”
Jasmine wiped her tears and said, “Let’s go.”
Boyce let go of her but didn’t drive away immediately. He was silent for a while before saying to Jasmine, “I’ve learned my lesson.”
She was still young, and he just left like that after making her a woman. He understood that she felt terrible for not accompanying and contacting her.
“Just tell me if you’re unhappy. Sometimes I may not notice it, but you have to believe that I like you.” He, who was so at ease at work, became at a loss and nervous when facing Jasmine.
Jasmine hummed, “I know.”
It was too hard to get him to find out for himself. He was just too straight.
“Let’s go home.” Jasmine said again, and Boyce started the car this time.
After a while, the car pulled up in the car park of the neighbourhood they lived in. The two got out of the vehicle, and Boyce asked, “You said that you have many classes and need to stay in school. Is it because you’re angry with me?”
Jasmine laughed helplessly, “You just found out, huh?”
Boyce was speechless.
“Geez.” Jasmine held his arm, “Fine. It’ll be alright after getting used to it.”
He was such a straight man. She just had to love the man she had chosen.
He was dull, so then just let her take the initiative.
It served her right for loving him.
Boyce pressed the button for their floor after entering the lift. No one was in the lift. Jasmine stood on tiptoe and kissed his lips, asking him, “Do you miss me?”
Boyce gulped, illustrating his state of mind at this moment. How could he not miss her?
As the saying goes, ‘Absence makes the heart grow fonder.’ Not to mention that he had been single for so long. How much he missed her?
He wrapped his arm around Jasmine’s waist and clasped her in his arms, stroking her head.
The lift stopped with a ding, and they stepped out of it.
#####Chapter 811 You Obviously Suspected Me
When Boyce reached the door of the house, he opened the door. Jasmine was standing behind him. The phone in her pocket vibrated. She took out her phone and Elaine was calling her. She answered the phone.
“Jasmine, when are you coming back?” Jasmine took some daily necessities to the hostel and she had said that she would stay in the hostel for a few days. It was almost ten o’clock and Jasmine hadn’t returned. Therefore, Elaine called her.
Jasmine walked into the house. She raised her eyes and looked at Boyce. Boyce was also looking at her. She pressed her lips and said with a low voice, “I will not go back tonight.”
“Why?” Elaine didn’t know that Boyce had returned. Jasmine had said that Boyce was on a business trip and he wasn’t at home during this period of time. 
Jasmine said with a low voice, “My husband is back.”
“Oh.” Elaine pursed her lips, “Then, I am not disturbing you.”
After saying that, she hung up her phone. She sat on her bed in the hostel and she was envious of Jasmine in her heart. Jasmine hadn’t graduated and she had found a good man to marry. Furthermore, the man had good social status and he knew a lot of rich people. He could simply gift Jasmine a present that was worth more than two thousand dollars.
She sighed. ‘There is something I couldn’t envy. I have to work hard myself.’
Jasmine hung up the phone and put the phone back into her pocket. Boyce asked her, “Who called you?”
Jasmine walked to the table and poured a glass of water and said, “My classmate.”
After saying that, she drank the water. She turned her head and saw Boyce standing in place while looking at her. She reached out her hands and touched her face, “Is there anything on my face? Why are you looking at me like this?”
Boyce didn’t say anything.
Jasmine saw that Boyce’s dirty clothes were in the basket. She walked towards it and put his clothes into the washing machine. Other people’s husbands would bring back some gifts to his wife after going on a business trip. He only brought back dirty clothes. 
She sighed.
When she walked out, she saw that Boyce was still standing in place while looking at her. She blinked her eyes, “Don’t you want to take a shower? Or do you want me to take a shower first?”
Boyce remained silent for a few seconds. He asked, “The one who called you just now, is he a boy or a girl?”
Jasmine was speechless.
‘Is he actually entangled with this matter?’
Jasmine said the words intentionally, “Not all my classmates are girls. There are also boys.”
Boyce walked towards her, “Can you not get too close to your male classmates?”
Obviously, Boyce was jealous. Jasmine lowered her head to let him unable to see her expression and said, “There are not only girls in the class. I still have to get in touch with male classmates. Just like you, you cannot only have male colleagues. There are always a few female colleagues and subordinates, right?”
Indeed, he had female subordinates just as Jasmine had said. Sometimes, he had to get in touch with them at work, “We only have work relationship.”
Jasmine nodded, “I know. I only have classmate relationships with the male classmates.”
Boyce was speechless. 
“If you don’t take a shower, I will go first. I am tired and I want to sleep.” After saying that, Jasmine walked into the bedroom and opened the cupboard to get her clothes.
Boyce walked into the room and took the clothes in her hands, “Take a shower later.”
He pulled Jasmine to the bed and sat on the bed. He let Jasmine sit on his lap. Jasmine obediently sat on his lap and asked him, “What’s wrong?”
Boyce explained, “I have female colleagues. They are only my female colleagues.”
Jasmine nodded, “I believe in you.”
Boyce was speechless.
He put Jasmine’s hands in his palm and said with a low voice, “You and I are not the same. You are still young. You haven’t encountered enough people and matters. Perhaps you will meet someone as young as you in the future…”
Jasmine got out of his hugs and stood up, “Are you worried about me or do you not believe me?”
“No.” Boyce immediately explained, “I am trying to tell you that I have encountered the matters that I should have experienced at my age. I will not waiver.”
Jasmine pressed her lips and her eyes looked red, “I am not as experienced as you. But it doesn’t mean I would love other people when I meet them…”
Boyce covered her mouth, “Don’t talk nonsense.”
“But you wanted to express something like this. You think that you have experienced more and you could hold yourself when someone seduces you. And I have experienced less and I would betray you when someone seduces me.”
Boyce didn’t deny it. Jasmine hadn’t graduated from the university yet. She would definitely meet men who had similar age and educational background like her. He was a little worried in his heart.
He hadn’t thought about it before. This matter had made him think about it more. 
As Dolores Flores said, Jasmine was young and she was good-looking. What if she met a man who suited her more than him?
“If you don’t believe in me, why do you marry me?!” Jasmine was angry as she was harshly panting. She felt wronged as she said, “I am going to find the man who suits me.”
After she said that, she took big steps to walk outside. Boyce hugged her and Jasmine harshly struggled. She was angry as she hit his chest, “If you don’t believe in me, why do you marry me? Why!?”
She cried and shouted hysterically.
“I was wrong.” Boyce wiped off her tears, “I believe in you. I believe in you. You are a good girl.”
Jasmine was eyes-teary, “You obviously suspected me.” 
“I wasn’t suspecting you. I am not confident of myself.” Boyce said with a low voice.
Jasmine stopped struggling as she looked at him, “You are so good, why are you not confident of yourself?”
Boyce laughed helplessly, “Don’t we have an age difference?”
“But you are not old.” Jasmine touched his face. She looked at his face closely and she only felt that he was handsome. She raised her head and kissed his jaw, “You seldom come back and you are making me angry.”
Boyce lowered his eyes and looked at her. Jasmine also looked up at him, “Let’s not get angry in the future. Let’s trust each other, okay?”
Boyce nodded. He reached out his hands and moved her head into his hug, “It is all my fault this time. I will do my best next time.”
Jasmine smiled. There was still some tear in her eyes. Her cheek rubbed against his chest, “You have left for almost a month…”
#####Chapter 812  Don’t Be Nervous
Boyce Shawn nodded and said, “Yeah, almost. I will come back to report on my work in another month.”
Two of them hugged for a while. Jasmine Burke said, “Let go of me. I am going to take a shower.”
Boyce didn’t let her go. He lowered his head and wanted to kiss her. Jasmine moved away and said, “As a punishment for what you have said, you will sleep on the sofa tonight.”
After saying that, Jasmine took her clothes and went to the bathroom.
Boyce was speechless.
“Jasmine…”
“If you talk about it again, I will punish you to sleep on the sofa for two days.”
Boyce immediately shut up. He walked to the door of the bathroom to discuss with her, “Could I be punished next month? I just came back. Don’t let me sleep on the sofa, okay?”
“No. Otherwise, you will not remember.” Jasmine decisively rejected him.
Boyce was speechless.
He could finally come back and she let him sleep on the sofa. She was so cruel, “Jasmine…”
“Three days…”
Boyce was speechless.
“I will not talk about it anymore.” If he talked about it anymore, he wouldn’t be able to sleep on his bed for four days. It was not worth doing that.
Boyce sat on the edge of the bed and looked at the opaque bathroom door. He imagined the scene that Jasmine took off her clothes to bathe in the bathroom in his mind. He also harshly panted. He immediately shook his head to shake off those nonsense thoughts.
If he kept imagining it, he wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight.
He got up and walked out of the bedroom. He went to the living room and took a bottle of ice water from the fridge.
The urge and agitation in his heart were slightly relieved. However, he still had some thoughts.
He slightly sighed.
After Jasmine took a shower, she went to sleep on her bed. When Boyce finished bathing and came out, he saw that Jasmine had fallen asleep. He stood beside the bed and looked at her for a while. Then, he really went out to sleep on the sofa.
Jasmine was speechless.
Jasmine touched her forehead and smiled. ‘This man is really too honest.’
However, she felt assured about this kind of man.
Even if he didn’t sleep on her bed, Jasmine could still have a good sleep as she knew he was at home.
Jasmine had a good sleep. However, Boyce was suffering. He was rolling on the sofa as he couldn’t fall asleep. He kept thinking about Jasmine in his mind. He got up a few times to go to the bedroom to see her. However, Jasmine had a deep sleep and she didn’t know about it at all.
For two days, Boyce didn’t ask to sleep in the room. Jasmine also didn’t call him.
Sometimes, Jasmine knew that he didn’t feel good as he was bearing with it and she always wanted to laugh. She felt like he was a silly boy.
But he was cute.
He was silly and cute and she didn’t bear to scold him.
After the last day off, Boyce left again. There was no choice as he had to work. Jasmine understood it.
After getting out of the car, Boyce sent a message to Jasmine. ‘I have reached the destination.’
At the same time, Jasmine also finished her class. She replied, ‘Okay. Go back earlier and have a good rest.’
Boyce stood on the roadside while waiting for his colleague to fetch him at the station. He lowered his head to look at his phone. His long eyelashes were drooping, ‘I miss you.’
Jasmine was shocked after seeing the message. Then, she smiled, ‘You just left.’
Yeah, he just left and he realized that he missed her.
Boyce pressed his lips, ‘Don’t let me sleep on the sofa when I come back next time.’
Jasmine smiled while looking at her phone. She replied, ‘Depends on your performance.’
Boyce was speechless.
He remembered Jasmine’s words in his heart. He had to perform well to not sleep on the sofa.
At the same time, his colleague came to fetch him. He sent Jasmine a message, ‘My colleague is here to fetch me.’
‘You are staying there alone. Take good care of yourself.’ Jasmine replied.
‘Okay.’
Jasmine kept her phone. She had no class in the afternoon and she would attend an interview for an internship at a company. She had to prepare the document needed. She forgot about the time when she got busy.
She didn’t cook at night. She bought fish rice-noodle on the roadside and went home. She put it on the table and went to take a bottle of water from the fridge. She sat in front of the table and unpacked the disposable chopsticks. The phone in her pocket rang. She took out her phone and it was a message from Boyce.
‘Have you eaten dinner yet?’
After seeing the message, she smiled subconsciously. She replied, ‘I am eating.’
Then, she took a photo and sent it to him.
Boyce frowned, ‘Why are you eating this only?’
Then, he sent her another message, ‘Do you have no money?’
Jasmine took up her phone and had a look. She thought in her mind, ‘Does this man learn what should he do now? Does he know to care about me now?’
She smiled as she asked, ‘If I don’t have money, are you going to give me your payroll card?’
‘I will give you when I go back’ Boyce answered her without any hesitation.
Jasmine felt that he was a cute and honest man in her heart. She didn’t want to get angry towards him and let him sleep on the sofa anymore. He was a pity one.
He wasn’t a bad person. He was an unsentimental man and he didn’t know how to be romantic and to spice things up. However, he was very dependable as he gave her a lot of security.
‘I didn’t spend the money that you gave me. This fish rice-noodle is quite good. Let’s eat this together when you come back.’
‘I don’t know what you like. Just buy anything you like.’
‘Okay. I know.’
‘I have something to do. Sleep earlier later.’
Jasmine looked at her phone and she sighed. She knew that he was busy. It was at night and he still had something to do. She still complained about him last time. Suddenly, she felt guilty in her heart, ‘Okay. Call me when you are coming back next time. I will come to fetch you.’
‘Okay.’
Theresa Gordon’s second In-vitro fertilization result came out. She and Armand Bernie went to the hospital together.
‘Don’t be nervous.’ Armand held her hand. He could feel her cold palm and shivering body.
#####Chapter 813 I Didn’t Want to Cry
Theresa’s nervousness was evident, but she said, “I’m not nervous.”
Armand sighed. Her mentality was not in a good state now. If it failed, she would be disheartened.
The pair arrived at the doctor’s office. Armand knocked on the door and only pushed it open once they were granted permission to enter. When the doctor saw that it was them, he invited them to sit.
Armand helped Theresa over to a chair.
Theresa was pressing her lips together tightly. She tried to calm down by telling herself not to be nervous again and again in her heart, but it was difficult to control her emotions.
There was a thin line between bliss and suffering.
“Doctor, how is it this time?” Armand asked.
The doctor did not answer immediately. Instead, he looked towards Theresa and said, “I’d like to speak to your husband in private for a while.”
Theresa did not move, “If there’s any problem, I want to be around to know too.”
The doctor looked over at Armand in hesitation.
Armand held Theresa’s hand, “He might want to talk about my problem. What about you wait outside first?”
“Regardless of whose problem it is, I can know about it too, can’t I?” Theresa asked in return.
Armand didn’t know how to respond, and he only spoke after a moment, “Sir, let’s talk about it now. If there are indeed any problems, the both of us will take care of it together.”
The doctor finally nodded, “Okay then.”
He took out the results of the in vitro fertilization (IVF) this time around and handed it over to them.
Armand asked, “Did it fail again this time?”
If it had succeeded, the doctor would’ve told them already instead of showing them documents they couldn’t understand.
“Yes, it failed.”
Theresa was dejected. Her eyes lost all their colours instantly.
Armand hugged her by the shoulders, comforting her, “It’s alright. Even if we don’t have a child, you still have me.”
She looked up at the doctor, “It’s my problem, right?”
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked her to leave earlier.
The doctor nodded, “These two failures were because of the quality of your ovum.” He paused for a moment, then continued, “If you want to do it for the third time, there’s a 90% chance of it failing again. Your ovum isn’t suitable for IVF. The success rate is too low so I’d suggest that you guys give up. Nothing good will come out of this, and it’s also mentally pressuring.”
Sure enough, this answer was a massive blow to the pair. Theresa felt that everything in front of her turned blurry. It felt as if her soul had left her. Her vision turned dark, and she passed out.
“Theresa!” Armand hugged her. The doctor said to him, “Put her on the bed, and I’ll give her a check-up.”
Armand carried her in his arms and laid her flat down on the bed. The doctor came over to check on her. A moment later, he assured Armand, “She’s okay. She just couldn’t handle the sudden news and fainted. As her husband, you need to be there for her during this period.”
Armand looked down at Theresa, “I will.”
The doctor spoke again, “Actually, adoption is a good choice too.”
Armand said nothing. In fact, he didn’t want to say anything now. He understood everything the doctor said, but he was afraid Theresa couldn’t accept it.
This was undoubtedly a dead end for her. There was no room for change at all.
Even if she had accepted IVF, she still couldn’t have her own child.
When Theresa woke up, she was already at home. Armand was just next to her. Upon seeing her wake up, he asked, “Do you feel discomfort anywhere?”
She shook her head and looked at the ceiling blankly, “Armand.”
“Yeah?”
“Maybe we should just break up…”
“What kind of nonsense is that?” Armand was emotional. He couldn’t accept what she just said.
Theresa closed her eyes and said with a hoarse voice, “You’re going to be miserable when you get caught in between grandma and me.”
“I’ll be fine.” Armand lowered his head and looked at her, “I can accept anything other than you leaving me. We’ve been through so much together, so let’s not say stuff like that anymore, okay?”
Theresa’s weak voice came back, “Could you let me be alone for a while?”
She needed some time to herself.
Armand agreed to her request, “I’ll be in the living room if you need me.”
She said okay with an almost inaudible voice.
Armand knew that Theresa needed to calm down now, so he stood up and left the room.
Once the door closed, her tears fell.
This piece of news was too cruel for her.
There were so many people in this world who could have their own children but chose not to and be DINKs.
As for her, who so desperately wanted a child, she miserably could not fulfil her dreams. God was unfair to her.
She was sobbing softly.
Armand squatted at the door. Although Theresa’s voice was soft, he still heard it. The surroundings were so quiet that he could even hear his own breathing. How could he not hear her depressed cries?
Slowly, he slid to the ground, his head hung low, and his body trembled.
After a long time, the sounds from the room could only be heard intermittently and finally could not be heard anymore. Armand put his hand on the ground, supporting him to stand.
He pushed the door and entered the room, feigning to be relaxed as he asked her, “Shall I get you something to eat?”
Theresa had long lost her energy from crying too much. She turned her back towards him.
Armand walked over and squatted down in front of her, “We agreed to not care about it. Why did you cry?”
He stretched his hand out and wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes gently.
Theresa raised her gaze slowly. There were still tears hanging on her eyelashes. Her voice was hoarse as she muttered, “I didn’t want to cry.”
But she couldn’t control her tears.
Everything was just too painful for her.
#####Chapter 814 I’ll Go and Make a Call
Armand told her, “I know. I understand you.”
How could he not understand what she was going through?
Even Armand was feeling miserable. It could only be worse for Theresa.
“I don’t feel like eating anything.” Theresa felt suffocated.
“What about I send you to Dolores’ place? There are many people there, and you can talk to them.” Now, Armand and Theresa were both exuding a depressing aura. She would only overthink when she was alone. Armand didn’t know what to do either, so he hoped that Dolores could make Theresa feel better.
Theresa said nothing. She didn’t want to go there. In fact, she didn’t feel like going anywhere now. She just wanted some time alone to breathe in the pain.
“Listen to me this time, alright?” Armand had no idea how to comfort her this time around, so he could only rely on others to do so.
“Do I look decent enough to go there now?” Theresa wasn’t afraid of letting Dolores see her in her current state. It was the others who she feared.
After all, there were many people at Dolores’ place. They would definitely ask questions upon seeing her state now.
“Theresa, what happened?”
“Theresa, you don’t look well.”
“Theresa, did you cry?”
She didn’t want to answer those questions.
“I get it. What if I get Dolores to come here? Is that alright?” Armand asked.
Theresa finally nodded.
Armand caressed her cheek, “I’ll go and make a call.”
Then, he stood up again and went to the living room to make the phone call.
Dolores woke up fairly early today. She was the one who sent the children to school today too. Usually, Jayden did this, but Dolores knew that he was feeling unwell, so she told him to stay at home and have a good rest.
Jayden said that she was overreacting and that he just caught a cold, but she made it seemed like he was seriously ill.
Dolores insisted on sending the kids to school. It was no harm for Jayden to rest at home. After all, he was old already.
She wanted to find a time to bring Jayden to the hospital for a medical check-up too. Since he was old, it would be great to get treatment earlier if he had any underlying sickness.
Jayden whined, “You don’t even let me send the kids to school. What fun is there left in my life?”
Dolores chuckled, “Well, you’re sick now. After you’ve recovered, this errand is still yours. No one will snatch this job away from you.”
He had nothing else to say and just told her that he wanted to go back to his room to take a nap.
Dolores reminded Coral to pay more attention to Jayden’s condition, to which Coral promised. Just as Dolores was about to return to her room to look at her son, her phone which she placed in the living room rang. She walked over and answered the call.
“Dolores.” Armand didn’t sound well. His voice was low and slightly hoarse.
 Dolores suddenly became tense. She was afraid that anything terrible had happened to Armand and Theresa and hurriedly asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Do you have time to come here and accompany Theresa?” He paused, then continued after a moment, “I hope that you can comfort her.”
Dolores understood what was happening in an instant. She asked, “It failed again?”
“…Yeah. The doctor said that her ovum isn’t suitable for it and the success rate is low. There’s basically no hope for her.”
“Okay, send me the address. I’ll be there soon.” Dolores said.
“Thanks, Dolores. I know you have your own kids to take care of now, but I really don’t know what else I can do. I have no idea how to talk to her about this or comfort her. When I see her in pain, I couldn’t say anything at all.” Armand’s voice was suppressing some sort of emotion.
“I understand. I’m her relative, and it’s only right for me to visit her now. You don’t need to feel burdened.” Dolores comforted him, “You need to manage your own emotions too.”
“Yeah, I will.”
Dolores hung up with a heavy heart. She put her phone into her pocket and went into the room to look at her baby boy who was sleeping soundly in the cradle. His cheeks were so chubby, which only added to his adorableness.
She stood by the cradle and caressed his face, which was smooth just like any other toddler gently. Then, she checked on his diaper. It was still dry. After changing it earlier, he hadn’t peed or pooped. Jessica came into the room with another diaper in her hand. She spoke to Dolores softly when she saw her in the room, “He just slept after I fed him. He probably wouldn’t wake up so soon.”
Dolores turned around and told Jessica, “I need to go out for a while.”
“Just go and do your thing. There are so many of us at home. We can take care of a child, so don’t worry.”
Dolores nodded.
She wouldn’t worry much when Jessica was at home too.
Then, she went upstairs to put on a coat before leaving. She read the address sent by Armand to the driver, and the driver soon drove in the direction of the place.
Soon, they arrived at Armand’s neighbourhood. Dolores knew that Armand and Theresa had moved out. Theresa had told her before this, but it was her first time visiting their new place.
She pushed open the door and got out of the car.
“Madam, should I wait for you downstairs?” The driver asked.
“You can go back too. I’ll grab a cab home later.”
“I’ll find a place to park then. Give me a call when you’re ready to leave.”
Dolores nodded. She stood at the door and sent a text to Armand, telling him that she had arrived.
Armand replied quickly. He told her that he would come downstairs and get her.
She stood by the door and waited patiently.
At this time, a cab stopped at the door. A young lady came out from the cab first, followed by Armand’s grandmother, Elizabeth.
With the help of the cab driver, Elizabeth managed to get down from the cab and onto the wheelchair.
“Has Armand been staying here after leaving home?” Elizabeth was displeased.
Dora nodded, “Yes, this is the right place.”
#####Chapter 815 Search for Donor
Since Armand had not come home for a while, Elizabeth sent someone tailing him to discover his residency. She came to visit knowing that Theresa's IVF attempt failed for the second time. 
Dolores stood frozen at the entrance, looking stern as she knew Elizabeth's intention. 
Armand came from the residency area and greeted Dolores seeing her standing at the entrance. 
Dolores turned, so did Elizabeth and Dora. 
"Armand!" Elizabeth called, slightly displeased. 
Armand's face stiffened realizing they were there. He looked to Dolores, thinking she brought them here. 
"I saw them at the main entrance," Dolores explained. 
"Building number three, sixth floor, room 603. Please go in first, I'll go up in a while," Armand said. 
"Talk nicely." Dolores nodded. 
Dolores replied with a nod and walked away. "Grandma…"
"Why won't you let me in?" Elizabeth interrupted sternly, "I'll lodge a police report saying you refuse to take care of me if you won't let me in today."
Armand clenched his fists hearing that. "What do you want?!" Armand almost shouted. 
"You throw me aside, won't even let me go into your house, what do you think you are doing?" Elizabeth cried out suddenly knowing there was a security guard nearby and people walking by. "I've given my entire life raising you, now that I'm too old, you left me alone at home without any concern." 
People are naturally drawn to gossip. The security looked in their direction while people started gathering around, watching them. 
Dolores who was not far away turned to Armand, "Let her in."
Armand didn't move an inch. 
Dolores looked at him, "You need to solve this sooner or later, until when do you plan on avoiding this? Do you want Theresa to keep hiding in the future? Stay hidden forever?" 
Armand understood that this was not a long-term solution, however, there was no other way now. He didn't want to cause harm to either side. 
He looked at Elizabeth, "I'll let you in but you must not throw tantrums on others. Leaving home was my idea, don't blame it on others."
Elizabeth stared at Armand for a while and said, "... Okay."
Armand turned over with his back facing Elizabeth and said, "Let's go."
"Are you here to visit Theresa?" Elizabeth asked Dolores. 
Dolores nodded, "She's not in a very well condition, so I come to visit." 
"Very well. You should advise and let her understand that Armand is the only male of the Bernie family, he needs to produce an heir for the family," Elizabeth told Dolores. 
Dolores remained silent until they boarded the elevator while Armand led them in the front. They arrived at the door.
Theresa got down from the bed and waited for Dolores on the sofa. She turned to the door hearing it was opened to greet Dolores but was stunned when she saw the figures that followed behind her. 
She rose from the sofa, looking pale. 
Dolores walked up to her and held her arm, "You are weak now, sit down." Theresa grabbed onto Dolores' arm nervously. 
Dolores patted her back, smiling. "Armand and I are both here, there's nothing to be worried about. Let's take this chance to settle everything."
Theresa looked her in the eyes and nodded. 
The room remained quiet for some time before Elizabeth broke the ice. "How are you doing, Dolores? I heard that you've given birth to another son, what a blessing it is."
There was a hidden meaning behind her words as if it was intended to tell Theresa that Dolores was blessed with three kids while she had none. 
Dolores smiled politely, "Blessing? People kept scolding me behind my back, saying I had two kids out of wedlock when I was raising the kids alone. I've even been called a slut." 
"Those are history," Elizabeth said.
"True, it's all histories but memories remained," Dolores replied. 
"Theresa." Elizabeth turned and looked at Theresa. Her gaze made her stiffened and called out "Grandma." 
"Why didn't you tell me that you visited the hospital again?" She asked in a half complaint and half concern tone. "You look thinner."
Theresa lowered her glance slowly. 
Armand took out a jacket and put it on Theresa. He then looked at Elizabeth, "Theresa suffered a lot because of me. Her body is too weak and I won't consider having a kid anymore." 
"You won't think about it or because Theresa's egg is useless?" Elizabeth visited knowing Theresa's condition. She couldn't accept it and hearing Armand's intention to give up made her lost her temper. "Won't consider? Do you think this is your matter?" She added, "This is not something that you can decide on your own!"
"What do you plan to do?" Dolores asked as she reached for Theresa's hand and put it in hers. She wanted to give her a leaning hand and to make her feel secure. 
Elizabeth spoke after a moment, "If her egg is not fertile, search for a donor or look for a surrogate. There are plenty of women willing to do these for the sake of money."
#####Chapter 816 You Must Not Bring Theresa with You
"I understand about looking for donors but I'm quite confused about surrogacy." Everyone knew what surrogacy was, but they needed a clearer explanation from Elizabeth. 
Since they talked about it, it was better to be clear.
Used this opportunity to put everything on the table. 
Elizabeth knew she was a little over the line, hence, it took her a while before explaining. "Since Theresa is infertile, this means she won't be able to have a child with Armand. There are tons of women willing to sell their fertile eggs and if this doesn't work, he will have to create a child with someone else naturally. The doctor mentioned that conceiving naturally is the best and naturally conceived child is born smarter."
Dolores took a deep breath. 
"Madame…"
"Armand," Dolores called, suppressing her disappointment as she looked at Armand, "What do you think?"
"I won't ever do anything that hurt Theresa," Armand said firmly. 
"Nonsense, will have a child hurt her?" Elizabeth shouted in anger. 
Theresa closed her eyes. She knew this day will come after the doctor explained everything. But she didn't expect to face this so soon. 
She opened her eyes and looked up slowly at Armand, "Let's divorce…" 
"I won't divorce you!" Armand quickly interrupted and knelt in front of her, "I won't listen or do what she said, I will never betray you." 
Theresa smiled coldly, an ice-cold and pathetic smile. 
"What's the point of saying all this now? Can it solve the problem?" Theresa had finally realized, "It was my fault from the beginning." 
Her lashes trembled, holding up tears in her eyes. "Armand, you are my jinx and I fell into your trap, twice."
"Theresa…" Armand held her hand, "Trust me…" 
Theresa shook her head, "There is no solution to this."
Dolores couldn't imagine what kind of life Theresa had been through. It must be a hard life under this kind of circumstances. No wonder why Armand moved out with Theresa. 
She swept a glance at Armand and fixed her gaze at Elizabeth. "Regardless of how this will end today, there's something I wish to say."
Armand looked at Dolores. 
"Do you agree on their divorce too?" Elizabeth asked. 
"Yes," Dolores said. 
"Dolores…"
"Listen!" Dolores interrupted Armand and took a deep breath, "Theresa came back with me and I'm her only family here. It pains me to see her being bullied and suffering. I am sad and full of regrets."
She looked at Armand. "You knew damn well how you started your relationship with her, don't you?" 
Armand gritted his teeth in silence. 
"If I knew the ending today, I would never have agreed to your marriage!" Dolores suppressed her emotion and continued. "You be with Theresa in White City due to Madame Bernie urging you to get married, your relationship wasn't strong and we came back to City B before the two of you even have to chance to get to know each other further. And then your ex-girlfriend came back, and you know what happened next. Three of you were fully involved and knew what happened after that. Who was the one that gets hurt the most in that incident?"
Dolores turned slowly and looked at Elizabeth. "Guess Madame Bernie knew best that Theresa isn't born infertile, right? You know very well how she ended up being infertile today, don't you?"
Elizabeth dared not look straight into Dolores' eyes as she knew Theresa was the ultimate victim of this. But there must be an heir for the Bernie family, she couldn't accept the fact that Armand might be childless.
"She was pregnant with Armand's child once and that bastard didn't appreciate it! How did she lose the baby?!"
Dolores stared at Armand, "Armand, do you know how did she lose the baby?" 
Armand lowered his head and his body shook when he heard that. 
"How did she end up like this? She is suffering more than anyone here as a woman who can't have her child. Have you tried understanding her?" This question was directed to Armand but intended to Elizabeth. 
"Who should be held responsible for her lost baby and her face destroyed in an explosion? Who is the one who should be blamed for the outcome today?" Dolores asked mercilessly, "Not many can survive what she had and still living a sane life. She is strong and courageous enough to accept Armand into her life again. No, it's my fault too, I shouldn't have encouraged her to take him back, I thought you should be together since you still love each other. But I was so wrong to once again put her in agony. Armand, I was confident that you will love her wholeheartedly after what happened, providing her with a loving home and made up for the wrong you've done before, but what have you done?"
Dolores' words were direct and sharp, though she mentioned Armand, her speech was intended for Elizabeth. 
She never thought that Elizabeth would behave so stubborn and conservatively because of an heir, she was too mean. She even caused hurt to Theresa. 
She held Theresa up, "I'll bring Theresa with me today, take the time to have a thorough consideration before coming to us."
"Hey." Elizabeth was hoping Dolores to advise Armand for her but her speech was full of sarcasm towards her, she was enraged, "You must not bring Theresa with you."
#####Chapter 817 Cheap and Unworthy
Elizabeth paused, "This is our family matter, an outsider like you has no right and is rude to intervene."
Dolores said calmly, "I've always been a family member of Theresa."
She then tidied up Theresa's jacket and said, "Leave everything behind, I will buy you new stuff."
Dolores glanced at Armand, "I'm extremely disappointed at you, Armand. Theresa has been tolerating while you took advantage of her kindness."
Theresa was calm too, she didn't act out of rash but after thorough consideration, "Think about it and come meet me with the divorce paper." 
She held Dolores' hand, "Let's go."
She didn't want to stay here any longer, Dolores nodded and walked out holding her. 
Dolores called the driver and instructed him to wait at the entrance as they walked out of the elevator. The car was already waiting when they arrived at the entrance, Dolores opened the door at the back and helped Theresa got into the car before she got on. 
"Go home," Dolores instructed the driver. 
The driver nodded and they headed home. 
In the apartment, what happened was out of Elizabeth's prediction. 
Armand who remained knelt on the ground since Theresa left fell seated. 
"I don't care who you want to be with as long as you produce an heir," Elizabeth said stubbornly. She disregarded Armand's feelings even after Theresa asked for a divorce. 
Armand stared blankly at one spot with his reddened eyes, "A child?" 
"Dora is still a virgin, she agreed to have your baby with only a hundred fifty thousand dollars," Elizabeth explained while Dora looked at the floor. 
Armand didn't seem surprised by Elizabeth's weird suggestion. He smiled lightly and turned to Dora, "Do you agree?" 
Dora kept looking at the floor quietly. 
"She's still young, don't scare her." Elizabeth didn't know exactly what Armand was thinking right now, he was smiling but not sincere. 
"This is the reason why you insisted on hiring a young caretaker?" Armand said as he stood up slowly by pushing on the ground with his hands. "What if I refuse?" Armand asked, swaying. 
"What's wrong with you? It's not a big deal, all you need to do is impregnate Dora and continue your life with Theresa. You don't have to be separated from Theresa at the same time you'll have a child, isn't it good?" Elizabeth thought this was the best solution, good for everyone. 
Armand's lips trembled. "A child? Excellent! What a great plan this is."
A loud bag followed as he flipped the coffee table, the glass broke into pieces on the floor and created a mess. 
Elizabeth turned pale while Dora who stood behind her fell a step behind. 
They were both startled by his action and stayed frozen for a while. 
"Armand!" Elizabeth called out nervously, "Calm down."
"I'm not upset. You've everything planned out for me. Sending me a woman, concerning about my future generation, there's nothing for me to be upset about, I should be grateful to you." He walked towards Elizabeth, put his hands on the wheelchair's handles, staring at her. 
Elizabeth tried to stay calm. 
"I come from a poor family and am willing to be a surrogate mom. I ask only for money, I won't be a trouble." Dora said as she went back to her original position. 
Armand looked up while Dora didn't avoid and looked straight back at him. 
"You want only money, won't create a problem?" Armand smiled.
"Yes, it's true." Dora looked sincere. 
Armand smiled coldly, "Oh, so, you proposed to grandma?"
"No, I didn't…"
"It was my idea." Elizabeth defended Dora immediately and it was indeed her idea. Dora was young and average-looking, so she asked not knowing her mind; surprisingly, she agreed.
Armand straightened up angrily and thrown himself onto the sofa, resting one foot on the flipped table. He looked at Dora and judging her, "Where did you graduate?" 
Dora lowered her gaze, "I've never attended university." 
"What are your strengths?"
"I'm a caretaker." Dora thought Armand questioned because he agreed to it. 'If I could earn a hundred fifty thousand dollars by being a surrogate mom, I will quit being a caretaker and open up a fashion store or something.'
She had never thought of staying at the Bernie, she knew it was not a wise decision since she entered the residence as a caretaker, her impression as a caretaker meant her status would always be lower than the others. 
She thought Armand was good-looking and rich, she didn't lose anything in this deal, a hundred fifty thousand dollars in just ten months was worth it.
"Are you good in pleasing a man?" Armand looked calm but his words were sharp as a knife. 
"Armand…"
"I'm asking her, grandma, can you not interrupt?" Armand said without even looking at Elizabeth. He took a handkerchief to wipe his hands but couldn't wipe off the dirt, so he threw it away. 
"I can learn," Dora replied with her head lowered.
"Learn? You know nothing and want to earn a hundred fifty thousand dollars using your uterus alone?" 
Armand looked at her in despised. "First, you are not educated, second, you know nothing about pleasing a man. You are not good-looking, skin is not fair without a good body shape. You look cheap and unworthy of a hundred fifty thousand dollars. If you are willing to sell, I can consider about it. A pound of premium pork meat cost about five dollars fifty, I can offer you six dollars, deal?"
Dora bit her lips, "Stop humiliating me, it was Madame's idea, I accepted it as goodwill to produce a child for you."
"Oh, I should be forever grateful then?" Armand lost his temper and kicked a few times on the table. "Get lost now! And you will receive a complaint letter!"
"What have I done wrong?" Dora didn't believe that Armand would kick her out. 
"Calm down, Armand." Elizabeth didn't know Armand would take such an extreme measure too, she said softly, "Just listen and fulfill my dream, produce a child, will you?"
Armand picked up the jacket on the floor, put it on his arm, and stared fiercely at Dora, "Get lost now, or do want to go to jail? I can easily send you in if you want to."
This was the first time Dora had seen a vicious side of Armand. She was frightened but tried to stay strong, "I didn't do anything wrong, you can't send me to jail as you pleased, there are laws."
#####Chapter 818 Your Choice
"I have over a thousand ways to send you to jail, try if you dare," Armand said casually with full confidence. This frightened Dora, while she was about to defend herself, she recalled that Armand was a lawyer, he was a law practitioner and could easily frame her with any offend that was enough to send her into jail. 
"I'll leave, but first you have to pay my wages this month." Dora was annoyed, she wanted to earn a huge amount of money but got herself fired instead. 
Armand reached for his wallet, took out a stack of one hundred bills, and threw it onto the ground. 
"You are too rude!" Dora shouted angrily. 
Armand on the other hand kept his wallet back into his pocket, "Do you have dignity?" 
"Armand, Dora is a nice lady, what are you doing? Who's going take care of me if you kick her out?" Elizabeth grabbed Armand's hand, "Stop all this nonsense…"
Armand took his arms back and said while pushing the wheelchair, "I'll look for a new caretaker, this one is fired."
"Armand…"
"Do you want me at home or her? Your choice." Armand demanded Elizabeth to choose. 
"There's no choice to this…" Elizabeth cried. 
"But you must choose." Armand insisted, "I will never step into the house again if she stays."
Dora picked up the money on the floor and immediately walked out knowing she was no longer able to stay in this house. 
"Dora." Elizabeth felt sad to let her go. A young lady who served as her companion and took care of her, it was a waste letting her go. 
Dora turned and glanced at Elizabeth before she walked into the elevator and left. 
"What exactly do you want?" Elizabeth didn't know what Armand's intention was. 
"Go home," Armand said. And he kept silent on the journey home. 
Armand threw everything at home and on the wall set by the master Elizabeth invited last time into the trash bin. 
"Armand!" Elizabeth called out nervously. 
"I failed to protect my baby, I am destined to be a childless man," Armand said as he tossed the statue in his room into the bin. 
Elizabeth was horrified, "You can't toss that away, it will bring bad luck…" 
Armand disregarded her and continued cleaning up everything. 
Once he finished, he pushed Elizabeth to the sofa and sat in front of her. "I'm a person unworthy of having parents, child, and lover, so my parents died young, I lost my unborn child and my lover is leaving me now. As you wish, I will let go of her, but stop having hope that I will ever get married again and have a child. That's impossible, I, Armand Bernie am destined to be a childless man!"
"Armand…" Elizabeth was truly horrified by his speech. 
While Armand was calm. "I'm not joking, Theresa suffers a lot being with me and I won't give you chance to force or pressure her again. I will set her free not because I don't love her anymore but I don't want her to go through all this with me. I'm weak for not being able to protect her, it is also my fault that I'm not able to satisfy you. Forget about having a child, if you ought to threaten me with death, please go ahead, I won't stop you but will follow you instead. I will suicide after you die, it's a relief for everyone."
Armand stood up once he finished, "That's all I want to say, I'm going to look for a new caretaker now." He walked out after that. 
"Armand, wait, Armand." Elizabeth cried out but Armand didn't stop, he walked out without turning back. 
Elizabeth was stunned, she didn't know whether she should go back to her room or stay where she was. 
At the villa, Dolores came back with Theresa. Knowing Theresa was moody, Dolores sent her straight into her room.
Dolores wanted to leave her alone to rest but Theresa grabbed her hand. "I've made up my mind."
"What?" Dolores turned to her and quickly grasped what she meant. "You've decided to divorce Armand?"
Theresa nodded, "Yes."
Dolores sat at the side of the bed, "I'll support whatever decision you make."
Theresa smiled at her, "I always make the wrong decision."
"It's not your fault. We underestimated Elizabeth's stubbornness." Dolores comforted her. "Stay here at ease."
Theresa nodded. 
Theresa was weak, so Dolores left her alone to rest. She closed the door and reminded Coral and Jessica not to interrupt Theresa and not to ask any questions. 
Both Coral and Jessica understood the situation right away. 
Everyone gave Theresa a warm welcome at the dinner, no one asked anything. 
Theresa went back to her room to rest after dinner while Dolores received a text message from Armand. He wanted to meet her, he was at the door.
Dolores went out and saw Armand standing by the roadside, he didn't come in. 
"How is Theresa?" Armand asked.
"What do you think?" Dolores knew she shouldn't speak to Armand in this tone but she couldn't control herself seeing how Theresa had suffered. "What's your plan?"
Armand looked at the floor, "As long as grandma is alive, she will always be in our way… There's nothing much I could do, I'll let her go and set her free if that's what she wants."
"You've made up your mind?" Dolores asked. 
"I'll listen to her and do as she says," Armand replied. 
"This is why you asked for a meeting? Telling me this?"
"No. There's something I would like you to pass to Theresa," Armand said.
#####Chapter 819 Whatever You Wish
Dolores’ heart clenched as she wondered if he really did bring the divorce papers with him. She asked in a low voice, “What’s this?”
Armand pulled out a luggage bag from the back of the car, walked towards her and said, “These are all Theresa’s things.”
Dolores, looking at the bag in his hand, did not immediately take it as she asked, “What’s this all about…”
“Wherever she chooses to live, be it here or back to City C, anywhere would be better than living with me. If she had really thought it through, if she really wants to…Divorce, I’ll not have qualms with her.” Armand said while looking down, concealing his emotions and added, “Thank you.”
Dolores replied, “I see. That’s not exactly a bad thing. You two should think about it long and hard after you’ve calmed down. Though Mrs. Bernie is indeed a problem and both of you won’t be happy anyway if it is handled poorly.”
“I understand. She’s the one who raised me, I can’t just ignore her. Theresa…I’m very indebted to her…” He could not even begin to pay off his debt.
Dolores knew that Armand was feeling down. She did not reply as she carried the luggage back into the house.
She opened the door to Theresa’s door and saw that she was sitting alone on the balcony. Theresa acted as if she was the only person left in the world.
Dolores approached her slowly, as Theresa was in very deep thoughts about something and did not realize that someone entered her room.
“Theresa,” Dolores called to her softly.
She turned around slowly as Dolores smiled and said, “What are you thinking about?”
“Nothing much.” She caught sight of the luggage bag in Dolores’ hands and asked, “Is this…”
“Umm…”
Dolores sat her down on the bed and told her everything about Armand’s visit. “He said that he will follow whatever you wish.”
Theresa lowered her head, her eyelashes twitching as she continued looking at the bag, “So, all my stuff is inside that bag, along with the divorce papers?”
“Theresa…”
“I’m alright, it’s not exactly a bad thing.” She stood up and took over the bag, opened it and saw that it was indeed containing her belongings. On the top of the pile was a sealed document bag.
Theresa thought that the bag contained the divorce papers, as she hesitated when picking up the bag. Between all that, her eyes started tearing up.
In one’s imagination, many things seemed a lot more manageable than they actually were. When faced in reality, however, is where one’s courage magically disappears into thin air.
Thankfully, Theresa quickly composed herself and reached for the document bag. She opened the bag and reached for its contents.
She imagined that the papers within would have the words ‘Divorce Agreement’ plastered on top. She was proven wrong when she realized that the bag’s contents were all of Armand’s savings. She was further proven wrong when she found out that it was not only his savings, it also had all of his assets, his savings, and his properties deeds.
Theresa’s eyebrows raised in confusion.
In the meantime, Dolores sneaked out of the room, closing the door on the way.
Now alone, Theresa poured everything out from the document bag, which contained deeds, a banking card, and purchased funds.
Ding dong-
Her phone on the nightstand next to her bed sounded. She stood up and looked at the phone, which was showing ‘Armand’ and opened his message.
‘Theresa, I’ve stored all my money on this card, the password to it is our engagement date. Some of it can’t be withdrawn quite yet, but eventually, you can withdraw and use them. Also, here are all of my assets, I’ll hand them over to you. I’m too indebted to you, this is the least I can do, giving you enough cash to live carefreely…I’ll give you some time, you can go wherever you want to live. Once you’ve really thought everything through…I’ll give you freedom, for you to find love that truly belongs to you. No matter how much I will miss you, I am still unable to provide you with love. So, I’ll let you go, I can’t let you just wither away by my side. I’ll be waiting for you.’
Theresa’s fingers that were holding the phone weakened as she fell onto the bed. Looking through a curtain of tears at the things that Armand left her, she sobbed and said to herself, “Are there two people on this world that love each other, think of each other, miss each other, but are not by each other’s sides?”
Her tears unapologetically flowed down her cheeks.
She wiped off her tears and replied, ‘I’ve received the things you sent me, I’ll accept them gladly. You’re a lawyer, you should deal with the divorce agreement. I’ll visit you once I’m feeling better.’
She understood the meaning behind his actions. If he felt that doing so would make him feel better, she should not stop him.
At that moment, Armand was standing in the place where the two of them lived together for a month. While that time was short, it was the happiest moment in their lives.
He looked towards the kitchen, a very familiar place as if reminiscing the days where they were together. Armand would be cooking, with Theresa by his side munching on apples, occasionally even shoving one into his mouth. Sometimes, she would hug him from behind and asked him what he was cooking.
Theresa’s smiles were more relaxed and they were comfortable with each other.
Armand moved around. The balcony from the bedroom was still the same as it was when they moved in, the woman sitting on the hammock playing with fishes in the aquarium was long gone, however.
The slim figure was also gone from the bed.
The place remained unchanged, it was its residents that were changed.
The whole place felt empty, just like his heart.
Armand turned back to the living room and sat on the sofa. He recalled the times where Theresa was there watching the television.
All of the memory trickled back into his mind like a never-ending cinema.
The phone in his pocket vibrated. As he took it out, he saw that it was Theresa’s message and opened it.
After finishing reading her message, he felt even more depressed than before.
He took a long time before replying, ‘Ok.’
#####Chapter 820 Someone Stole from Her
After looking at Armand’s reply, Theresa put down her phone and sat on the bed’s sides. She did not let the sadness drag her down for long, as she recomposed herself.
She tidied up the stuff that Armand gave her and got out of the room.
In the living room, Jessica was feeding some powdered milk to Joshua.
Theresa walked towards them, seeing the little sweat droplets on Joshua’s forehead since he could be tired from eating all the powdered milk. Seeing him sucking on a pacifier, Theresa could not help but smile, played with his cheeks and said, “You’re looking more and more like your mother.”
Jessica added, “She does look like Lola.”
“Well, he is her child, after all.”
Joshua finished eating the powdered milk right then. Jessica took away the milk bottle as Theresa extended her arms and said, “Let me carry him.”
Jessica obliged and instructed, “He just finished eating, so you’ll have to carry him upright and lightly pat him in the back.”
Theresa followed her instructions as she patted Joshua’s smooth back lightly.
His whole body smelled like powdered milk, which was rather pleasant for Theresa. She kissed his cheeks, smiled and said, “I’m your godmother, kiddo.”
Jessica cleaned the bottle and placed it in the sterilization machine. She then stood next to it and looked at Theresa. Dolores walked next to her and did the same.
“What a shame,” Jessica said regretfully.
Theresa could have had her own child, but now…
Dolores tapped her on the shoulder, and then she walked towards Theresa and touched her son’s cheeks.
“I’m going back to City C,” said Theresa.
Dolores was taken aback by her sudden response.
“We haven’t divorced yet, so I don’t really want to face him right now. After some time, when we’ve both calmed down and are willing to meet each other, I’ll be back.” A while later, she added, “Plus, I’ll be back to visit you, and Joshua.”
Theresa looked at Joshua warmly and said, “He’s way too cute, I couldn’t wait for the day when he will start calling his parents.”
Dolores replied, “You’ll have to wait for quite a while before that.”
It would not be until he was a year and a half years old that he could start speaking.
“Well, since you’ve already made up your mind, I’m not gonna try to change your mind. I’ll send you off whenever you wish,” offered Dolores.
Theresa booked the last flight to City C. After Dolores sent her to the airport, it was already around ten in the night when she returned. Even then, Matthew was still at work, as ever since Abbott left for vacation, he had been extremely busy and spent a much longer time at work than before.
Though, Dolores had already gotten used to him coming back late.
On the same day, Jasmine had also travelled from City B to the city where Boyce was located via high-speed train.
She did not inform him beforehand as she wanted to surprise him.
Ever since the last time when Jasmine was pissed off, Boyce had been sending her a message whenever he was free. Most of the messages were trivial and boring questions, such as ‘Have you eaten?’, ‘What did you eat?’, ‘ What are you doing?’, and ‘Are you busy teaching?’.
Jasmine did not mind, however, no matter how lame the messages were, they were enough to keep her company. She knew full well that he was not particularly proficient at being lovey-dovey, so it was a given that he would not spew lovey-dovey words anywhere he went.
With these little greetings, while they were lame, Jasmine could feel his warmth from the other side of the screen.
She passed her interview and was due to go for her internship next week. As such, she was scared that she would be busy after that, so she wanted to meet him before the internship began.
Jasmine looked at the time, it was around an hour or so before she would reach her destination. She started to get excited, as she wondered would Boyce be surprised upon seeing her, or would he be happy.
She smiled as she imagined his reaction.
Delighted, she looked outside the window and hoped that time passed faster so that she would reach the place and meet Boyce earlier.
She wanted to see his reaction when a random Jasmine decided to show up at his door.
A message popped up on her phone’s screen, it was sent by Boyce which read, ‘What’s up?’
Jasmine saw that it was the same message that was sent yesterday as she could not help but smile. She replied, ‘Sleeping.’
‘Sleeping this early?’
‘Well, not exactly. I’m thinking about you. I miss you.’ Jasmine replied in a flash.
Upon seeing her message, Boyce started smiling while standing in a corridor. He only had time to message her after concluding a meeting, and her reply re-energized him in an instant.
Then, he replied, ‘I miss you, too.’
Jasmine blinked and typed, ‘Want me to come and meet you, then?’
‘There are no more trains scheduled around this time. Moreover, it’s dangerous for you to travel alone.’
Jasmine smiled, ‘Well I guess I’m better off sleeping then.’
‘Yup.’
Jasmine was afraid that she remembered his address wrongly and wanted to reconfirm with him, “Hey, what’s your address again? Can you resend it? I’ll come over when I have time.”
Without a second thought, Boyce resent his address to her like the straightforward man that he was.
Upon seeing that the address was identical to the one that she remembered, she was relieved and replied, ‘Well then, off I go to sleep. Good night.’
After that, she kept her phone in her bag and took a nap.
An hour or so later, the train stopped at its destination. Carrying her bag, she left the train and saw that there was a sizable crowd at the station, mostly people picking up their loved ones and taxi drivers.
After exiting the station, she saw that it was raining quite heavily. She flagged down a nearby taxi, entered it, closed the door and told the driver Boyce’s address.
As soon as she told him, the car started its journey.
Jasmine looked out the window again, thinking that she was about to meet Boyce soon. She was both excited and anxious, as she wondered if he would be surprised if he saw her.
It did not take long for the taxi to reach its destination. When Jasmine went for her purse, she realized that it was nowhere to be found. Panicked, she started turning the bag inside out but to no avail. To add to her misery, her phone had also vanished from her bag. It was then that she realized that a neat little hole was cut into the side of her bag.
It would appear that someone stole from her.
#####Chapter 821 Are You Happy to See Me?
The wallet and the phone were gone, ‘What could I do?’ Jasmine thought.
She looked to the driver sat in front of her, “Sir, I...”
“Miss, you're not going to pay, right?” the driver wore a sullen look and thought, ‘It's not easy to do business at night.’
“No, I lost my wallet and my phone...”
Jasmine wanted to explain to him, but the car driver refused to listen to her, “Whatever you say is none of my business. Pay me off the fare. I'm a cab driver, and I'm not doing it for charity. The fare is not much and is only 10 dollars, and you're going to bilk?”
“I'm not trying to bilk. I lost my wallet,” Jasmine said eagerly, and she did not intend to bilk.
She was more anxious than anyone else.
She had no money, and her phone was gone.
“Okay, you lose your belongings, but you still have friends, right? Anyway, you have to pay me off and don't try to,” the cab driver was upset because he did not know whether he could get the fare, and it also delayed him to carry the next guest, “I'm unlucky to meet you.”
“I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Jasmine was anxious.
“Give your friend a call,” the driver handed over his phone to Jasmine. Jasmine's face lightened up, but soon her face darkened because she did not remember Boyce's phone number.
“I...”
Jasmine thought, ‘Call classmates in City B can't help me. While the grass grows, the horse starves. What should I do?’
She felt chagrined, ‘How come I don't remember Boyce's phone number?’
She was the first to save Boyce's new phone number when he changed his phone number. She even remarked his name in the contact book. After that, the phone displayed Boyce's name every time they sent messages and calls. So she did not notice the phone number.
Jasmine wanted to call him but did not remember his phone number.
The cab driver was impatient, “Why don't you call?”
“I have only one friend here, but I forget his phone number...”
“Get out of my car! Get out of here!” the driver pulled a long face to chase her away, “It's tough luck to meet people like you!”
Jasmine repeated her apology to the driver, “I'm sorry, I'm really sorry.”
“Hurry up and get out of my car. Don't delay me to carry the next guest. It's tough luck to meet you, don't waste my time. What's the use of apologizing? I'll send you to the police station if you're a man.”
“I'm sorry, I'm sorry...”
Jasmine opened the car door and got out of the car. It was raining cats and dogs, and it drenched her to the skin instantly. She closed the car door. The car covered her with water when it drove away quickly. 
Boyce was living in a building instead of in a residential area. The entrance was closed, and she could not enter the building. There was no place around to hide from the rain.
The rain was cold after autumn. She saw that her clothes were soaked, and she was shivering with cold.
She was in the rain for a long time, and then she found a narrow eave to take shelter from the rain. The rain would not stop for a little while yet.
After about 20 minutes, a car drove over and stopped at the parking lot in front of the entrance.
Boyce got out of the car with an umbrella. Jasmine could barely see the figure because the light was dim. When Boyce was almost at the entrance, Jasmine could see the figure clearly that it was Boyce. She ran over to him, “Boyce.”
Boyce looked in the direction of the sound. He saw a petite figure who was running over to himself through the rain and against the wind. She looked messy.
“Jasmine?” Boyce was stunned for a second, then he immediately walked over to her and held up the umbrella for her to block the rain, “What happened to you?”
Jasmine wrapped her arms around and shivered like a wretch, “I came to find you and wanted to give you a surprise. But my handbag was snagged by a thief, my wallet and phone are lost.”
Boyce pressed the umbrella into her hand, took off his coat to wrap her in it. He said nothing and walked into the building with her in his arms.
“What is this place?” Jasmine asked with her lips quivering.
“I'm temporarily living here,” Boyce held her tightly. He wanted to warm her with his body temperature. She was so cold that he could feel it through the clothes.
He did not know how long she had been in the rain and thought, ‘Will she get sick?’
“Ahchoo!” Jasmine sneezed.
At this time, they arrived at the door room. Boyce opened the door and walked into the bathroom to take out a dry towel. He walked over to Jasmine to wipe her face, “Hurry up, take off your wet clothes.”
The room was not big, and there were only a bedroom and a bathroom. The room was simple, with only a cabinet and a table there.
Jasmine unfastened the buttons of her clothes. Her hands were a little bit stiff. Boyce saw she was slow in action, and then he helped her to take off her clothes. Soon, there were only some simple clothes left on Jasmine's body. Boyce did not think so much and was afraid she would be sick, so he took her wet clothes off.
After cleaning her with a towel, he carried her to the bed and covered her with a quilt.
Jasmine huddled under a quilt, and she felt much more comfortable and warm.
Boyce went to pour a glass of warm water for Jasmine. He raised her gently and handed the glass of water over to her lips, “Drink some warm water.”
Jasmine took two sips of water with the glass that was in his hand, “Okay.”
Boyce put down the glass and touched her forehead. He was afraid that she would have a fever.
Jasmine huddled and whispered, “I'm fine, don't worry. I won't get sick. I'm physically well. I didn't even get sick when I was a kid.”
Boyce cuddled her and took out his phone. He wanted to get her some hot soup to fend off a chill. However, there was no restaurant open at this time.
There was nothing in his house. He could not even cook a bowl of ginger water.
Boyce held her petite body in his arms, and it made his heartache to see her like this, “Tell me earlier, I can go and pick you up.”
Jasmine fluttered her eyelashes, “I wanted to give you a surprise,” she raised her head, and her hair was still wet after wiping, “I came to see you, are you happy? Are you happy to see me?”
#####Chapter 822 It Will Be Bitterer
Boyce said, “I'm happy to see you.”
Jasmine had taken off all of her clothes, and she had no clothes on her body. She naughtily snuggled up in Boyce's arms, and blinked her eyes, and asked, “To what extent of happiness? Show me.”
Boyce looked at her, and his pupils became darker. He was overwhelming some emotions, but he controlled his feelings, “You just got wet in the rain. Stop doing this.”
When he went back to City B last time, Jasmine asked him to sleep on the couch, and both of them did not sleep together. She flirted with him at this time, and he would not be able to stand it.
Jasmine suddenly thought of something and widened her eyes, “What to do? I lost my phone and wallet with the bank card you gave me. The card password is so simple. Will it be...”
“It's okay. I'll go to the bank to report the loss of the bank card tomorrow, and I'll go to buy you a new phone too,” Boyce's tone was serious, “I'm happy to see you, but don't be like this next time. You must notify me in advance. Otherwise, it's too dangerous for you to come here alone.”
“Are you worrying about me?” Jasmine raised her head.
Boyce lowered his eyes and rubbed her cheek with his fingertips. He felt her body was still slightly cold, “Of course, you're my wife.”
Jasmine looked at him with her dove-eyed and gently raised the corners of her lips. She put her arms around his neck and put her lips to his.
They kissed. Boyce hesitated and glanced at her cheek with his dove-eyed. His heart was a little trembling. With the dim light, Jasmine looked feminine that he usually did not get to see it. Boyce looked at Jasmine within his reach. He could not help but respond to her kiss.
Both of them embraced each other passionately.
The quilt, which was covering Jasmine, slowly slipped off, and it showed her white and smooth skin with a little bit of coldness.
She pressed her body close to Boyce so that she could be warmer.
Boyce's breathing was getting quicker, and he called her name hoarsely.
Jasmine responded to him gently, “I miss you...” she sneezed untimely after her words, and she spat in Boyce's face.
She blushed instantly and hurriedly cleaned his face, “I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...”
Her sneeze had ruined such a good atmosphere.
She felt chagrined.
Boyce grabbed her by the wrist that was frantically wiping his face and said with a smile, “It's okay.”
He put the quilt back over Jasmine and helped her to lie down, “Take a nap, and I'll go out for a while.”
“I'm fine, Ahchoo!” Jasmine sneezed again before finishing her words.
Boyce touched her forehead, but he was not sure whether she had a fever. So he put his forehead against hers to test her body temperature, and then he frowned slightly, “You may have a fever.”
Jasmine also reached out to feel her temperature, “I don't think so.”
She did not feel hot.
Boyce got up, “You can't feel it yourself.”
He put the quilt back over Jasmine, “I'll go out and buy some medicine for you. You take a rest on the bed.”
Jasmine said, “No need to… Ahchoo...”
It seemed like her body did not feel well.
Boyce leaned towards her and gently kissed her forehead, “Be good. I'll be back soon.”
Jasmine nodded and said, “Come back home early.”
Jasmine felt unsafe in the strange place when Boyce was not around.
“Well, I'll be back soon,” after saying that, Boyce took the car keys and went out of the house. Jasmine looked at him, “Don't forget to take the umbrella.”
Boyce replied to her with h'm, took the umbrella, and went out of the house.
Jasmine began to feel uncomfortable after Boyce left for a while. She still felt cold under the quilt, so she huddled in the quilt.
She swept around the house and thought, “This is the place where Boyce lives.”
The cupboard had a few pieces of clothing hung there, and there were a thermos flask and a teacup on the table. The house was simple.
Jasmine felt increasingly weak, so she lazily laid down and waited for Boyce to return home.
It took more than an hour for Boyce to return home. It was the middle of the night, and almost all the stores were closed.
He could only buy the medicine after going to a lot of places.
When he returned home, Jasmine had already drifted off.
Boyce poured a glass of warm water and put the medicine on the table before waking up Jasmine.
Jasmine blearily opened her eyes. Boyce propped her up and found her body was hot. He pressed his lips against her forehead, and it felt obvious that she was getting hotter when he touched her forehead. He whispered, “I've bought the medicine. Come and take medicine before you sleep.”
“I want to sleep,” Jasmine huddled while Boyce coaxed her, “Be obedient to take medicine.”
He handed the medicine over to Jasmine's lips, and she opened her mouth and took it. She immediately frowned, “It's bitter.”
“Drink some water to remove the bitterness, and it'll be fine,” Boyce handed the glass of water over to her lips. Jasmine swigged back the water to wash down the pill. The bitterness in her mouth was much lighter.
Boyce handed two more tablets over to her, “Two more tablets.”
Jasmine pouted in his arms, “Can I refuse to take it?”
Boyce said, “No, you're sick now.”
“I want you to feed me,” Jasmine was afraid he would not understand her and said, “I want you to feed me with your mouth.”
The pill would melt instantly in the mouth. Boyce said, “That will be more bitter.”
“I want to share the bitterness with you. Don't you want to?” Jasmine said coquettishly.
Boyce was speechless.
Jasmine took the pill from his hand and placed it between his lips, then put her lips to his, “It won't melt in this way.”
#####Chapter 823 Why?
Boyce lowered his eyes and paused for a moment.
Jasmine sighed, “Forget it if you’re unwilling.”
When she reached out her hands to take the pill, Boyce suddenly lowered his head and they looked at each other. She swallowed, “I just teased you um …”
As she just opened her mouth, his lips made contact with hers which the pill was on it, and he used the tip of his tongue to stuff it into her mouth.
This wasn’t a good way for her to swallow the pill. It melted in her mouth instantly and that bitterness made her face wrinkled. She pushed Boyce hard, “Give me water quickly, it’s bitter.”
He handed her the water, and she took two large sips to swallow the pill that had melted in her mouth.
He found her cute when looking at her frowning face, then he reached out to touch her nose, “Will you still be naughty in the future?”
Jasmine pursed her lips and glared at him, “Nasty!”
After saying that, she put on the blanket and slept. He pulled the blanket and said, “It’s stuffy.”
“Don’t care about me.” She still didn’t uncover the blanket and said sullenly.
Boyce didn’t force her and got up to take a shower. When he came out, she seemed to fall asleep, and the soft sound of breathing could vaguely be heard. He slowed down his pace, walked towards the bed and bent down his body to pull the blanket which covered her head.
“Hmm …”
She turned over unpleasantly as she seemed to hear something and she faced Boyce. Since she had taken the fever reducer and was covered in the blanket, her body was sweating.
He brushed the hair away on her cheeks and touched her forehead. He could feel that the temperature receded.
Then he went to get a towel soaked in warm water and wrung it out to wipe her face. As he noticed her neck was also oozing with sweat, he wiped it too. Her skin looked pinkish probably because of sweating.
He could vaguely glimpse the part of her body underneath her collarbone even though it was covered by a blanket.
He swallowed and soon averted his eyes. He put the towel down and washed his face with cold water to make himself clear-headed before walking out. Then he took a thin blanket, lying down next to her but he didn’t lift her quilt.
Wasn’t it unpleasant for him to share the blanket with her since she didn’t wear any clothes?
He couldn’t do anything with her without thinking of her as she was still sick and asleep.
He knew clearly in his mind, but he was still eager and couldn’t fall asleep. Looking at her face, he thought of the scene in which she appeared in front of him in the rain. The corners of his lips curled up unconsciously and he got closer to kiss her forehead, saying softly, “I’m surprised and delighted that you’re here.”
At least it proved that this woman loved him as she came alone just to look for him and even lost her purse and got sick due to rain.
Boyce was tender because of Jasmine.
He held her in his arms and thought that he must protect her well.
At dawn, she woke up with a thirst, “Water …”
He had already woken up and was ready to go outside to buy breakfast. As he heard her murmuring, he walked over and asked, “What did you say?”
She was dazed and only felt the unbearable dryness of her mouth, “Water …”
He poured a glass of water and helped her up, then she took and finished it herself so that she felt more comfortable.
She opened her eyes and a soft light penetrated through the curtains, “Is it dawn?”
“It’s only six o’clock now, you just sleep a little longer and I’ll buy you something to eat,” He said as he put the water glass on the table.
Jasmine touched her own forehead and he said, “The fever went down last night and didn’t come back anymore.”
By the time he woke up, he had touched her forehead. The fever didn’t rise during the night.
She became more energetic now and said, “I didn’t bring any clothes to change, and yesterday’s clothes are all wet. What should I wear today?”
He said, “I’ll buy some clothes for you later.”
She smiled, “Alright, buy the ones inside too.”
He instantly grasped her meaning and his expression turned somewhat unnatural. He felt embarrassed to buy a woman’s bra and underwear as he was a man.
“You don’t want to buy it for me?” she asked.
He shook his head hurriedly, “No.”
She smiled. “Thank you so much. I’m hungry, buy some food for me.”
He pulled the blanket upwards on her, “Um, you can sleep awhile.”
She nodded while he took the car key and went out. The weather had turned sunny, there was no more standing water on the road, but it was still wet.
She couldn’t fall asleep, so she got up and found Boyce’s blouse to wear temporarily. Then she went to wash the wet clothes she had taken off last night and also Boyce’s clothes.
When he came back, he saw Jasmine had just finished washing the clothes and was about to dry them on the small balcony in the bedroom.
He put down the things in his hands and came over, “Let me dry them.”
She said, “I’m fine …”
He took the clothes from her hands without saying anything, pulled her into the room and pulled the thin blanket he had covered last night and wrapped it around her. She was confused, “I’m fine. It’s hot if you wrapped this tightly.”
She struggled and tried to pull the blanket away, but Boyce didn’t allow it.
She tilted her head to look at him, “Why?”
#####Chapter 824 As You Wish
His eyes skimmed over her and said, “You stay in the house and don’t go out. I’ve put the breakfast on the table, go over and eat. I’ll dry the clothes.”
Jasmine pulled the hem of his shirt and asked, “Why aren’t you looking at me? Are you angry?”
But why? Why was he so weird?
He said, “Go and eat quickly. I’m not angry.”
She pursed her lips and said, “Then why are you wrapping a blanket around me?”
“You’re not wearing anything …it’s not good to stand on the balcony.” He coughed lightly to cover up his embarrassment for being too straightforward.
“Who said I’m not wearing anything? Aren’t I wearing your clothes? The windowsill is so high, even if someone looks towards here, they can only see my upper body …”
“It’s not okay too.” He said in a deep voice, “Go and eat otherwise the food is going to turn cold.”
After finished speaking, he walked towards the balcony to dry the clothes.
Jasmine looked at him, “Are you afraid that others will see my body?”
He didn’t say anything and picked up the clothes rack to dry the clothes.
She wrapped the blanket around her body and stood up, then walked to the windowsill, leaned against the wall and looked at him with a smile, “I’m asking you, why don’t you answer me? Are you afraid that my body will be seen by others?”
He turned his head over, “You’re my wife.”
By definition, only he himself could see it.
How could she cover-up in just a blouse? Moreover, it was all naked inside.
She said, “I know.”
She came over, put her arms around his neck and smiled radiantly, “I like your touchy look.”
Boyce was speechless.
He wasn’t being touchy, he was just …
It seemed to be true.
“Why don’t you talk? Obviously, you’re touchy, right?” she smiled more brilliantly and her eyes curved with light which shined like stars.
She leapt up and wrapped her legs around his waist using the strength of her arms. Boyce was afraid that she would fall, so he held her waist. She curled her lips, “But I like, I like the way you care about me with the touchy pattern.”
He was speechless.
Well, he was touchy.
“Are you busy today? I came to see you, do you have time to accompany me?” she tightly wrapped around his neck. Two of them were in an ambiguous position.
He lifted his chin and kissed her lips, “Very busy.”
The subtext was that he didn’t have time, otherwise, he wouldn’t have been off work so late last night. He came here to assist the police department with a big case. It was now at a critical moment and no accidents were allowed. He still had a lot of things to deal with today.
She understood and felt a bit upset, but she could understand.
“I know, I won’t bother you. I’ll wait for you at home,” She said thoughtfully.
Boyce felt guilty as she had come to look for him. However, he didn’t have time to accompany her and scroll around this strange city with her, “Jasmine, I’m sorry.”
“This is your job, I understand.” She leaned over him, “Do you know? I admire your profession.”
He carried her into the room and asked, “You just admire my profession. Don’t you admire me?”
She shook her head, “No, I don’t admire you.”
He put her on the bed and said, “Be honest, I’m going to dry the clothes.”
She grabbed his collar and got closer to him, “I don’t admire you, I only love you.”
After saying that, she let go, walked towards the table and opened the breakfast that Boyce had bought just now. He was so happy as he looked at her with warmth in his eyes and said, “I can take a few days off after things had been done and accompany you at that time.”
Jasmine ate porridge at the table, saying, “Let’s talk about it later.” It was normal to be busy with his job like this. She had no idea if she would have any time since she would also be doing her internship after his work here was over.
It was still early to talk about it.
Before he could eat after he had done to dry the clothes, he received a call and left in a hurry. Although she felt somewhat upset, she didn’t make any trouble to make him stressed, but just stayed at home alone.
At noon, he came back to buy some clothes and food for her but left again without saying a few words.
She understood that she could go out if she had clothes. However, she realized that she had no money and couldn’t buy anything.
After going around outside, she returned home, cleaned up the place where Boyce lived and stayed at home to watch television alone.
In City B, Armand Bernie didn’t take the initiative to contact Theresa Gordon after she left. He always held back at the end every time he wanted to contact her.
He found a fifty-year-old nanny at home who was quiet and didn’t like to talk, but she worked very hard. This point made Armand satisfied.
Since Theresa had left, Armand spent all his time at work and returned home until it was late at night every day.
When he came back to get the document which he forgot and left at home, Armand’s grandma pulled him, “Armand, you talk to me.”
He answered, “I have to work.”
“You’ve been leaving early and returning home late these days. It’s bad for your health.” She was concerned about him.
He didn’t say anything.
“You’ve come back on your own for a few days. Where is Theresa?” she asked cautiously.
Armand’s expression looked indifferent, “As you wish, we’re getting a divorce. Are you happy now?”
“I just want you to have a child, I didn’t intend to let both of you get a divorce. I know you like Theresa, I …”
“Things had happened to such an extent, don’t say anything. I’m very busy, I’ll leave first. If you have anything, just call out to Bertha.”
He walked out with the document in his hand after saying that.
“Armand …” she turned her wheelchair and looked at the closed door. She felt lonely as there was no one she could talk to in such a big house. Besides, she couldn’t go out with her poor legs either.
#####Chapter 825 Not Romantic at All
Elizabeth felt lonely and looked at the housekeeper who was wiping the table. She asked, “Why did you become a housekeeper? I thought you’re at the age of being a grandmother already.”
Bertha said, “I have two sons. The eldest son was married and had children, so I’m already a grandmother.”
“How about your younger son?” Elizabeth asked again.
“My younger son is not yet married,” Bertha replied.
Bertha answered every Elizabeth’s question without even giving further elaboration. Elizabeth was bored after chatting a while. She sighed softly and turned her wheelchair back to the house.
The home was also empty. She picked up the photo on the table and stared at the photo of herself when she was still young with her husband by her side.
She was sitting in a chair with her husband standing behind her. Through this photo, she seemed to see herself when she was young.
“I’m old in a flash.” Elizabeth said sadly, “I can see that Armand is unhappy and is getting angry with me. He probably hates me in his heart. But I just want him to have a child so that the Bernie family has at least a descendant. Am I wrong?”
The person in the photo was still smiling and nobody answered her.
She hugged the photo, “Is it time for me to go and accompany you?”
“Hey…”
Elizabeth sat alone in the house for half a day. Armand came back quite early today and Bertha had prepared the meal before he entered the door.
Elizabeth was very happy to see him back home. She said, “Hurry up. Wash your hands and eat. I purposely asked Bertha to make the food you love…”
There was a snap!
Armand entered the house and closed the door before she could finish her sentence.
Elizabeth was dumbfounded and stood still in place.
Bertha put all the dishes on the table and came over, “It’s time to eat.”
Elizabeth’s eyelids twitched as she rolled her wheelchair, “You tell him to eat.”
Bertha went to knock on the door, “Mr. Bernie, the meal is ready.”
“Wait for a while.”
Elizabeth sat down and looked at the scrumptious meal on the table but she did not have the appetite.
Bertha came over, “He will come in a moment.”
Elizabeth waved her hand and said, “I get it.”
After a while, Armand changed the suit that he was wearing and came out with just simple home wear. He looked slightly thinner with his loose-fitting clothes.
He sat down at the table and started having his meal.
Elizabeth put a piece of pork ribs on his plate when she saw that he was slightly happier, “You like to eat this the most.”
Armand continued eating but neither he tried the dish of pork ribs, nor did he eat the piece that Elizabeth had put on his plate. He finished his meal quickly and got up to leave the dining room.
“Armand…”
“Bertha, the clothes I changed are in the bathroom. Please help me wash them.” Armand interrupted Elizabeth and said to Bertha.
Bertha said, “I’m going to get them now.”
Armand instructed, “Don’t go into this room without me.”
“I know it,” Bertha answered.
Bertha took away Armand’s dirty clothes. Armand went into the room and closed the door. He hardly spoke to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth sat at the dining table and stared at the piece of pork ribs that she had put on his plate. He had not eaten, not even any of those on the dish.
She turned her wheelchair and went back to her room as she was sleepy.
In another city, Boyce returned home once he settled all the matters. The television on the wall was still streaming a drama while Jasmine was lying on the bed and fell asleep with the remote control in her hand.
Boyce walked over and took the remote control from her hand. He called her name softly, “Jasmine?”
Jasmine’s eyelids twitched as she opened her eyes and stared at him, “You’re back?”
“Yes, I’m back.” Boyce caressed her forehead, “You don’t have a fever again today, right?”
Jasmine sat up, “Buy me a ticket for tomorrow. I have to go back.”
Boyce said, “I will bring you to eat first, then only we go to buy a phone…”
“I know, and then let’s go quickly.” Jasmine had been at home all day and she had craved to go out to unwind.
Boyce asked her, “Are you hungry?”
Jasmine shook her head and said, “No, it’s because I’m so bored at home.”
Boyce said, “I’m sorry. I’m too busy…”
Jasmine covered his mouth, “Don’t say sorry. You have said that so many times before. If you feel sorry for me, then you should spend more on me. Since I came all the way to see you, buy me more things today.”
Boyce said, “Alright.”
Jasmine rolled her eyes, “You’re so boring.”
Boyce was speechless.
What’s wrong with him?
How was that boring?
“Jasmine, hey…”
“Alright, alright, you’re funny. Let’s go now. I’m hungry already.” Jasmine pulled him and walked outside.
They went out of the building and got into the car. Boyce said, “A colleague introduced me to a restaurant and said it was tasty. I will bring you there.”
“Up to you.”
Jasmine said.
The car soon arrived at the restaurant. The restaurant was like the one where Jasmine had invited Boyce to dinner for the first time. It was neither classy nor romantic, just a very ordinary restaurant.
Jasmine thought he would take her to some romantic place for dinner. After all, she had come to visit him all the way.
Boyce also seemed to be slightly surprised as his colleague said that the place with delicious food was actually just a bit better than the street vendor.
“Jasmine…”
Jasmine smiled and said, “It’s very nice here. Let’s get down.”
She could not have any anticipation on Boyce as he was a straight guy and not romantic at all.
#####Chapter 826 Just for The Sake of Loving Her 
“Don’t explain anymore. You aren’t a romantic person by nature. I know it and I won’t be angry with you. Just walk in.” Jasmine held his arm and walked inside.
Jasmine was indeed a considerate and thoughtful girl. She was not arrogant and did not demand anything from him on account of her young age. Instead, she was quite understanding of his work and also his boredom. Boyce thought that he could never meet a better girl than her.
Boyce was very happy to be with her.
Jasmine saw that the customers in the restaurant were enjoying their food and the food seemed to be tasty. She looked at the menu on the wall and ordered a few dishes. She would like to have light food as she had just recovered from the fever. So, she asked, “What do you want to eat?”
Boyce said, “I will have whatever you eat.”
Jasmine smiled and found a seat to sit down with Boyce after ordering the food. The food was served quite fast here. Jasmine did not have much appetite. They walked out of the restaurant together after eating.
Jasmine suddenly stopped walking.
“What’s wrong?” Boyce turned his head and looked at her.
Jasmine did not say anything. She did not know whether it was because she had eaten too fast or she had eaten something dirty. However, her stomach was a little uncomfortable and she wanted to vomit.
Boyce touched her forehead but Jasmine blocked it, “No fever.”
“I see you don’t seem to feel well,” Boyce said with concern.
Jasmine stood for a while as she did not feel so disgusting. She put her hand on her chest and said, “It’s alright. Let’s go.”
Both of them got into the car. Boyce took her to the city to buy a new phone since it was inconvenient to contact her without it. Moreover, she was about to return to City B.
The two of them arrived home at ten o’clock at night. Boyce lay down on the bed after taking a shower. Meanwhile, Jasmine lifted the blanket and hugged Boyce after having a bath.
She took the initiative to remove the bath towel from her hands.
Boyce kissed her, “You’re still sick.”
“I’m already fine. Don’t you miss me?” Jasmine cuddled him while her soft body was rubbing on his warm chest.
It would be a lie to say that she did not want to make love. Her body would not lie even if she restrained herself in her heart.
Jasmine went back the next day and she slept all the way home.
For half a month, Armand and Elizabeth did not speak to each other. Even if Elizabeth took the initiative to talk to Armand, he was still very indifferent.
Elizabeth stopped talking gradually.
After Theresa left for two days, she had never contacted Armand. However, Armand really wanted to see her, so he went to City C secretly.
The sunshine was brilliant and the weather was particularly good that day. It was neither too cold nor hot. The maple leaves on the roadside gradually turned red and some of them drifted to the ground.
Theresa came back to work and she never mentioned anything about herself. Oscar also did not ask since he respected her as an adult. Everybody had things they did not want to talk about.
Oscar was still the same in which he liked to wear fancy clothes. He wore a floral shirt with a white suit today. Theresa was already tired of criticizing his aesthetics. He walked into Theresa’s office with the car keys in his hand.
“Get off early today,” Oscar said as he sat on her desk.
Theresa looked up. Her white cheeks were much thinner and her eyes were bright, “Oscar, can you behave like an elder?”
“Where don’t I look like an elder?” Oscar did not feel childish at all to sit on Theresa’s desk.
He was such a lively guy.
“You change your clothes now. I will take you somewhere.”
Theresa said, “I’m busy. I’m not going anywhere.”
“You have been working day and night since you came back. Let’s go for a rest otherwise, your body can’t take it. I will take you to relax.” Oscar took the brush from her hand.
He held her wrist and pulled her off the chair.
Theresa was helpless, “Where are you taking me? I tell you that I’m not going to any arcade this time.”
“We aren’t going there this time. I will take you somewhere different.” Oscar took out a dress that was displayed in the store from the wardrobe and gave it to Theresa, “Put it on.”
Theresa was speechless.
She took the dress, “Oscar, what is the occasion? Why do I need to put on a dress?”
“A formal occasion.” Oscar smiled, “Go and change it. I will wait for you at the door.”
Theresa did not have the mood to go out. She just wanted to stay alone. As she accompanied Oscar to attend the occasion, she needed to meet a lot of people. So, she felt that it was really troublesome since she had to wear a dress as well as making up.
“Oscar…”
Theresa tried to convince Oscar not to let her accompany him.
Oscar said, “You just do me a favour then. I will wait for you at the door.”
He left after saying that.
Theresa sighed and could only go to the fitting room to change her clothes.
Oscar’s car was parked at the roadside in front of the store.
Armand’s car was parked not far away from the entrance. He had become much quiet during this period. In the past, he was used to be the most talkative and outgoing among the three. Now, he had changed his behaviour.
He came here without informing anybody as he just wanted to take a glance at Theresa.
He could not sleep for countless nights. He reached for his phone and wanted to call or message her, but he never had the courage.
That day, Dolores said that he had married Theresa in a hurry just because Elizabeth urged him to get married.
It was not actually correct. He was already an adult and he would not have gotten married just like that if he did not have any feelings towards Theresa. If he just wanted to brush Elizabeth off, he would marry a random person and would not wait to marry Theresa after meeting her.
He was very clear in his heart now. In fact, he knew clearly that he liked and loved Theresa a long time ago.
Now, he was heartbroken just because of love.
He did not dare to meet her but he just wanted to take a glance secretly.
It was just for the sake of loving her.
#####Chapter 827 A Very Generous Wishing
Seeing that Oscar was standing at the entrance of the shop, Armand didn’t dare to get off his car in fear of getting discovered. He continued to stay put in the car.
After a while, from afar he saw Theresa emerge from the shop. She was wearing a pure white evening dress that touched her knees as if her slender body was enveloped in a gentle moonlight. Her black hair was shoved upwards casually, and a strand of it was dangling on her forehead, which only served to increase her allure.
To look more refreshing, she had put on some make-up to cover up her pale and drained face.
Oscar glanced at her and said with a smile, “It’s a waste for you to hole up in your office with that stunning look of yours. You should go out more often and give yourself a good chance.”
Theresa pretended to be angered by that remark, “Uncle, if you are going to tease me again, I won’t go with you anymore.”
“Don’t do that. With your pretty face by my side, I can even feel myself filled with pride.” Oscar replied with a smile.
Theresa broke into a grin too, “With me accompanying you to attend events, do you think I am of some help to you?”
Oscar opened the door of the car, “Of course.”	
“Then, that means that you need to pay me back for my kindness.” Theresa bent down to get into the car.
Oscar didn’t immediately go to the driver’s side. He stood outside the car door and looked at Theresa and asked with a smile, “Aren’t I good enough towards you? What kindness do I need to repay for having your company in attending an event? Are you really going to be that petty towards me?”
“I don’t care. If you don’t do that, then I won’t go now.” As she said that, Theresa looked like she wanted to get off the car. In fact, she was just playing around with Oscar. She had no intention to really get out of the car.
Oscar grabbed her and begged, “Alright, alright, I owe you one.” He twisted his mouth and snickered, “I originally wanted for you to take in some fresh air out there, but how did it turn into like it’s me who owes you one? There is a saying that goes, ‘A vile person and a woman are the hardest to satisfy. It seems that you’re the woman depicted here.”
Theresa looked up at him with her depthless, glittering eyes which were more profound after putting on some make-up, “If I am the woman described by you, does that mean you’re the vile person here?”
Oscar snorted, “I won’t tell you that.”
This little lady was too good with her mouth.
Oscar got into the driver’s seat and soon gunned the car and departed. The car slowly disappeared, but Armand’s gaze was still stuck in the same direction, unable to retrieve them. His soul seemed to linger outside his body for a while.
It was only a while since Theresa left him. However, it seemed that she had already gotten around on her two feet. Was that because of Oscar?
Previously, she enjoyed bantering with Oscar too.
He slowly lowered his gaze. Oscar and her…
He felt a stabbing pain torturing his chest as if a part of his heart was scooped away, and blood was trickling non-stop from the gap.
Armand didn’t get any rest for the whole night, and he only got a momentary rest after driving to C city. He was here to see Theresa, but he didn’t expect to see her going on a date with Oscar, and draped in such sophisticated style too. His bloodshot eyes seemed to worsen. 
All of a sudden, he broke out into a fit of fragmentary laughter. It sounded very bitter.
If she could be happy, he would have given her his blessing. Everything was already set in stone except for actual proof in the form of divorces papers. She was certainly free.
However, it still didn’t lessen the pain he was feeling.
A leaf fluttered down and lodged itself on his windscreen before being swept away by the wind. That leaf was similar to him, as lonely as someone who was abandoned by everyone in the world.
After staying put for some time, he finally brought himself to start the car engine again and left.
He didn’t rest when he drove from B city to C city, and now that he was returning to B city once again, he could feel fatigue building up in his restless body. Despite that, this fatigue wouldn’t have broken him. The only thing breaking him now was the smile Theresa had shown to another man.
He kept telling himself to give her his most generous blessing, but it still didn’t serve to calm him down at all.
He walked into the house and tossed his jacket onto the sofa mindlessly. Elizabeth didn’t say anything to him as her eyes were glued to the television.
“Armand.” Elizabeth tried to show some concern since she noticed that he was in a foul mood.
Armand didn’t answer as he went straight to his room and shut the door. Whenever he was at home, he would confine himself totally, and he would only appear at the dining table when it was time for a meal. He practically had zero interaction with Elizabeth at this point.
Elizabeth who used to have a sunny disposition slowly lost her passion. With how Armand was holding up, she didn’t have any mood too.
She rolled her wheelchair to the balcony. The balcony of the living room was adjacent to Armand’s balcony, and there was only a glass wall separating those two areas. She saw Armand sitting on the floor, his messy shirt still worn on him. His hair was sprawling in a messy fashion, which made him look very forlorn.
Elizabeth felt a tinge of worry when she saw him looking like this.
She couldn’t help but doubt herself: Was she wrong?
“Theresa.” Armand’s shoulders trembled very slightly when he spoke that name.
Seeing that Armand was in such agony, Elizabeth’s eyes couldn’t help but be reddened. She didn’t want to linger at the balcony any longer as she rolled herself back to her room and shut herself in. This was not what she wanted to see since the beginning. All she ever wanted was a grandchild, and she never wanted to see Armand wallowing in such pain.
Things didn’t happen the way he wanted. Theresa was no more, and Armand was like a living corpse devoid of any human warmth. 
Knock, knock. 
Somebody was knocking at the door.
Elizabeth turned her head and called out, “Come in.”
Bertha pushed the door open, “Your sugar cake is ready.”
“Since when did I say that I want to eat that?” Elizabeth answered coldly. 
Bertha slightly furrowed her brows, “Just now you did say that.”
“I am not in any mood to eat any sugar cake.” Elizabeth completely forgot about the fact that she had asked Bertha to bake a cake for her.
Bertha wasn’t fazed by her reaction. In the past few days, similar things had happened to Elizabeth too. Just yesterday, she had misplaced the remote control on a table in her room, but she had accused Bertha of losing it somewhere else. Bertha was no longer affected by such a reaction from Elizabeth.
She turned to return to the kitchen, but Elizabeth stopped her.
Bertha turned around, “What other instruction do you have?”
“Wait, what did I want to say?” Elizabeth seemed like she had something to tell Bertha, but in the blink of an eye, she seemed to completely forget about it.
“Then just tell me when you recall it.” Bertha moved away.
Elizabeth had an anguished expression on her face. What was she going to say just now?
#####Chapter 828 Bad Deeds, as well as Good Ones, May Rebound Upon the Doer
Elizabeth still couldn’t remember what she was about to say after racking her brain for some time, and at the same time, Armand seemed to have returned to his senses as he was seen going out after a fresh change of attire. The fatigue on his face was evident, but no matter how tired he was at the moment, his heart was still in turmoil. He couldn’t fall asleep, so he decided to pay a visit to the law firm.
“Mr. Bernie, someone is looking for you at the firm. He’s waiting in the guest reception room.” The receptionist informed him.
Armand nodded to signify comprehension, “Got it.”
He walked into the guest reception room and found that it was the lady who used to find him to take care of her lawsuit but who also in the end cancel the whole thing.
Armand’s face was expressionless. He asked indifferently, “Do you have any favour to ask of me?”
The lady had a fair and composed complexion as she stood up, “I still remember vividly your extension of help towards me last time. This is just a token of appreciation from me.”
She placed a gift on the table which she have brought.
Armand pushed the gift back and said, “I won’t accept any rewards for doing nothing. I barely did anything to help you, so you don’t have to be so polite.”
The lady pushed the gift towards him again, “It’s not something very expensive, just highly-rated ginseng. You should just accept it.”
Armand put that gift under the table to show that he accepted the gift. He sat down and asked, “Do you need my help in anything this time?”
The lady shook her head, “Not this time. Back then when I looked for you to handle my lawsuit, only you were gutsy enough to take me on. Everyone else shunned me as far as they could. Although in the end, I decided to give up on the lawsuit as a means to seek retribution and payback for my daughter, I still was able to vent my frustration something good has happened for her sake. My daughter’s soul in have can finally rest in peace.”
Armand asked, “What do you mean by that?”
The lady smiled, “You must not have seen the news, have you?”
Armand admitted that he really didn’t see the news, so the lady revealed, “That despicable couple who caused my daughter’s death has died in a car accident. It was just yesterday.”
“Is that so?” Armand was surprised by this news.
The lady continued, “Yes, it really is just as the saying goes, ‘bad deeds or good deeds will rebound upon the doer’. From what I heard, this mistress was not able to get pregnant after taking over the official missus position, and even if she was pregnant, the foetus wouldn’t develop. My grandchild’s death was caused by the Day family, and now, they finally get served by karma.” The lady’s voice slowly grew hoarse as she spoke.
Upon mentioning the matter of the child, Armand lowered his gaze and intentionally changed the topic, “How did the car accident happen?”
“The Day family is an affluent family with wealth and power at their disposal. There is certainly no way that they will accept the end of their bloodline, so they must have sought surrogacy. That mistress must have been reluctant to accept that so she had thrown a tantrum. Perhaps the same fate had befallen her like my daughter, and she was indignant about the whole thing, which pushed her to kill herself and that heartless man together while on their way to process their divorce.” The lady felt happiness dancing in her heart as she totally accepted the menu served by karma itself. 
This was the outcome of bringing harm to her beloved daughter.
“My daughter really had the worst fate. She’s so young, and the child was so small…” The lady’s eyes turned red with sorrow as she mumbled, but in an instant, she realized that she was overstepping her boundaries. She abruptly stood up and announced, “I must have bothered you.”
Armand dismissed that thought, “That’s not a problem.”
“Then, you can return to your work. Someone who does good will have his rewards in the end. I wish that you can be always blessed by good fortune.” The lady said with a smile.
Armand signalled for the receptionist to send the guest away before going to his office. He worked on arranging some documents about a case which he had accepted a few days ago.
In the past, he would never accept any case like this. It was because he wanted to make himself busy, so he took on this case without a second thought.
Today, he had an appointment with the person that sought his service.
That person was a woman who experienced disloyalty on her husband’s part while she was still pregnant. Now, she wanted to have nothing to do with this husband.
She was a steely-willed woman, and at the moment she learnt of his husband’s cheating behaviour, she didn’t flail around venting her emotions. Instead, she immediately knew that she must secure the family’s fortune in her own hands.
“Although you know that your husband is cheating on you, you must have substantial evidence too. You are now in your gestation, so as long as you can provide infallible evidence about your husband’s cheating, it would be a walk in the park to make him disappear from the family register.”
“I heard that you rarely accepted these cases if any at all, Mr. Bernie. You have my utmost gratitude for being willing to help me.”
“I am a lawyer. Since I am commissioned by you, I must fight for your benefit’s sake.” Armand replied nonchalantly, “Now that your husband is still oblivious to the fact that you have learnt of his cheating, you must secure the most impenetrable evidence in the shortest amount of time possible.”
“I will, so I hope that you will also do your best later, Mr. Bernie.” The woman stood up while cupping her stomach.
Armand assured her that he would do just that.
He instructed for this person to be sent away before immersing himself in making the information on his client’s inheritance in order. 
The couple owned a house which was their wedding house when they first married. The husband paid for the property and the wife paid for the renovation. The husband was a manager in a company who commanded eight hundred thousand dollars annually. There was a car worth three hundred thousand dollars at home and they had savings over a million dollars. It was a modest family, but this family was going to be torn apart due to the husband’s cheating.
The aforementioned assets were owned by this family, and now the wife wanted for the husband to be removed from the family register.
It was rare to see anyone who could remain so cold and calm when faced with such a predicament.
His phone which was on the table started to buzz. 
Armand picked up and pressed the answer button. He then immediately heard Bertha’s anxious voice, “Mr. Bernie, something’s wrong. Madame Bernie is missing.”
Armand frowned as he asked under his breath, “What happened?”
“She said she wanted to get a breath of fresh air, so I brought her to the park to take a stroll. When we were walking, she saw someone selling steamed sponge cake, and she wanted to try it, so she asked me to buy one for her. However, in the few minutes that I was buying the cake, she had gone missing.”
“Did you look all over the park?” Armand got up and started to exit his office.
“I have looked around. There’s no sign of her. I don’t want this to worsen, so I am calling you now.”
“I understand the situation now. Continue to look for her, I am on my way.”
After saying that, he hung up his phone and got into his car.
#####Chapter 829 I’m Not Sick
When Armand rushed to the place, Bertha was still anxiously asking the passers-by in the park. Elizabeth was missing under her care. She was afraid of taking responsibility, so she almost cried out of anxiousness.
Armand walked over to her quickly, “Have you searched the whole place?”
“Yes, I’ve looked everywhere, but I still couldn’t find her. Her legs are too weak to walk, how can she just disappear like that?” Bertha felt extremely apprehensive. She said anxiously, “Her legs are not strong, how could she have disappeared so quickly?”
“How long has she been missing?” Armand asked.
“Not more than an hour.” Bertha was afraid that something would happen to her, so she informed Armand in the first place. Hence, the time was not very long.
If an adult was missing in less than 24 hours, the police would not file the case. “Let’s split up to find her. You go home and see. Contact me through the phone if you found her.:
Bertha said, “Okay, I’ll go back now.”
Armand was quite calm. After he instructed Bertha to go home, he went to find the management office. The park belonged to the community management team. All the entrances and exits had installed cameras, so he went to check on the security footage.
When they heard that someone in the community was missing, they were very enthusiastic and helped to find it. Bertha said that Elizabeth was missing for less than an hour. Hence, checking the footage within this period was not a difficult task.
Soon, they found the figure of Elizabeth in the footage.
Elizabeth rolled her wheelchair out of the park when Bertha went to buy some cakes. It could be determined that Elizabeth was not in the park anymore, so Armand went outside the park to look for her.
A few people from the community management team helped him to look for Elizabeth.
“Let’s split up and search.” Armand said, “Her legs are weak, so she wouldn’t go too far.”
Three or four of them split up to look for her.
An hour passed by and there was no sign of Elizabeth. One of the men said, “Is it possible that she went somewhere else? Otherwise, why did she leave the park by herself all of a sudden?”
This person’s words struck Armand’s mind. Elizabeth was not in this neighbourhood, so she must have gone somewhere else, but Elizabeth seldom interacted with people. The relatives had to stop contacting them because of his parents, so she would not have gone to anyone’s home.
Now, there was nowhere to continue the search. He could only give every place a try. He went to their previous house, the place where he lived before he graduated. The house that they were living in now was bought by Armand after he earn some money when he became a lawyer.
This place was very shabby already and not many people lived here. The wires were shuttled in a complicated manner, clothes were hanging outside the windows. Underwear and socks could be seen everywhere, and there was no cleanliness at all.
Armand went to the house, but he didn’t see her. He held his phone with Elizabeth’s picture displaying on the screen and asked if anyone saw her. Everyone said they did not see her at all.
After making sure that she was not there, he got into the car and began to feel more and more anxious. She was not here, where could she be?
He started the car, turned around and headed back. When he passed by the school he used to go to, where the old campus had been abandoned, he seemed to see Elizabeth’s figure in front of the big steel gate.
He stopped the car and looked back. He saw that it was indeed Elizabeth in front of the gate. He got out of the car immediately and walked to her. 
“Why did you come here?’ Armand felt a sudden relief because he was glad to find her. However, he felt angry that she ran away on her own without informing anyone, which made everybody so worried about her.
Elizabeth turned around and said with a smile, “You’re out of school? I’ve come to pick you up after school.”
“What are you talking about?” Armand frowned, they had not been living here for a long time already.
“I…” Elizabeth became confused again, “What do I want to do just now?”
“Let’s go home.” Armand pushed her wheelchair.
Suddenly, Elizabeth slapped her thigh, “I came to find you! There’s a sports competition in your school today, so I came to see you compete.”
Elizabeth’s words startled Armand. What was wrong with her?
After they got into the car, Armand called Bertha to stop looking for Elizabeth because he had already found her, “Inform the management team to stop looking.”
Bertha said she got it.
Armand sent Elizabeth home and Bertha said thankfully, “Luckily she is found, otherwise I would have been scared to death.”
Armand pushed Elizabeth back to her room.
Then, he called Bertha to the living room.
“Has grandma behaved abnormally lately?”
Bertha thought carefully, “It seems that there is no abnormal behaviour… but it’s not totally normal. Sometimes, she will forget the things that she told me to do.”
Bertha seemed to have thought of something. She said, “This is not my first time taking care of the elderly. I’ve met some elderly who have the same condition as her, where they will constantly forget things. Maybe…”
“Don’t say it. I will take her to the hospital for a checkup.” Armand knew what she wanted to say, but he refused to believe it.
Although he was angry and pissed off by her stubbornness, he did not want her to get sick at all.
“Armand, you have to treat Theresa better. Why don’t see her recently?” Elizabeth pushed her wheelchair out of the room.
Armand looked at her and clenched his fists, “Grandma, what are you talking about?”
“Didn’t you get married to Theresa? You have to treat her well. Phoebe is not a good woman. She left you because she thinks that we are poor. I hate her. Now that you are married to Theresa, you have to treat her well and have a child quickly.” Elizabeth seemed to be talking confusingly, but Armand understood everything she said.
She was talking about different topics at a time, so she was not normal.
Armand took her to the hospital. He took a rug and covered her legs. Then, he pushed her out of the door.
“Where are you taking me?”
Elizabeth asked.
“To the hospital,” Armand said.
Elizabeth tilted her head and looked at him, “Are you sick?”
Armand said, “No, it’s not me, it’s you.”
Elizabeth got agitated all of a sudden, “I’m not sick. I’m fine. I’m not going to the hospital.”
“It's better to go and check.”
“I’m not going, I’m not sick.” Elizabeth pulled on the door frame and wouldn’t let go.
#####Chapter 830 Divorce Agreement
Elizabeth was very stubborn. She refused to go to the hospital no matter what he said. Armand did not dare to force her to go to the hospital because he was afraid that this would stimulate her emotions. Hence, they could only stay at home.
He took advantage of Elizabeth’s sleep to call the doctor to the house and gave her a check.
After listening to Armand’s account, the doctor judged that it might be a precursor of Alzheimer’s disease, “This is still a preliminary judgement. You’ll still need to go to the hospital for a better diagnosis. Listening to your description, the condition seemed to be a bit serious. I suggest you go to the hospital as soon as possible.”
Armand said, “I know.”
Elizabeth had woken. She heard Armand said that he didn’t feel well and hoped she could accompany him to the hospital. When she heard that he said he didn’t feel well, she immediately agreed to go to the hospital with him.
After the examination, Elizabeth was diagnosed to have Alzheimer’s disease, which is commonly known as dementia.
“Elderly with this disease will have symptoms of memory loss and confusion. There will be situations like emotional anxiety, agitation, hallucinations and delusions. This disease can only be controlled with some drugs, and there is no way to cure it completely. Such a situation requires more company and talking to her. Don’t let her have a sense of loneliness.” The doctor said.
Armand nodded, “I know these.”
The doctor looked at the medical records and said, “It is good if you know. Generally, the old lady has this disease is mostly caused by mental stimulation. Of course, this disease is most probably caused by old age. When I listened to your narrative, you mentioned that she was good before, and these symptoms only appeared recently. To get to this extent in a short time, her situation may be caused by some mental stimulation. If so, you must take care of her carefully. Please take care of her mental health.”
Armand said, “I got it.”
The doctor prescribed medicine, and Bertha went to pick it up while he pushed Elizabeth, “You’re not sick, are you?” Elizabeth asked.
Armand looked at her and said, “No, I’m fine.”
“It’s good that you’re fine.” Elizabeth looked relieved.
Armand watched the change in her expression. He was dreary and he whispered, “Let’s go home.”
“Okay.” Elizabeth smiled.
When they arrived home, Elizabeth told Bertha, “Armand love to eat pork ribs, so you cooked ribs tonight.”
Bertha looked at Armand. He nodded at her, and she said towards Elizabeth, “Okay.”
Due to Elizabeth’s condition, Armand had to spend time at home with her. However, the person in the case he took wanted to see him.
The person asked him to meet outside. Armand intended to go and return quickly, so he asked Bertha to watch her, “Don’t go out if there’s nothing important.”
“Okay,” Bertha replied.
They met in a cafe. When Armand arrived at the cafe, the other party was already there. He walked towards the table and sat opposite her.
“What would you like to drink?” She asked.
Armand said a glass of plain water would be fine.
The person placed an envelope in front of him.
Armand picked it up, and he probably knew what was inside. He said, “You found the evidence so soon?”
“Originally, he did not know that I knew that he cheated on me, so he didn’t guard on me. It’s not difficult to get the evidence too. This is the hotel where he and that mistress checked in a room. I managed to get the record of it.” Although she was a pregnant woman, and the time of her marriage was not very long, she looked very calm.
From the beginning to the end, she did not show any aggressive behaviour.
Armand had been a lawyer for quite some time and he met all kinds of clients.
However, this woman was married for a short time and pregnant. It was really rare to see a person so calm when she knew her husband cheated on her. She did not show any sad or hysterical expressions.
Armand looked at the record. The husband had been for a total of a dozen times. It seemed that he went to the same hotel every time. Inside the envelope, there was a flash drive.
“What’s inside this?” Armand asked.
The client answered, “Only with the hotel room records, it can’t be said to be a piece of solid evidence. When the time comes, he will certainly argue that they were just discussing things in the room. By that time, we can’t do anything about it if he said so. Hence, this is of course a piece of solid evidence.”
Armand raised his eyelids and looked at her.
She laughed, “Do you think I’m too eager to destroy him?”
“No.” Armand told the truth, “I’m surprised that you are so calm.”
She found her husband cheating, but she did not cry. Instead, she pretended not to know anything and secretly hired a lawyer to seize his property.
“A cheating man is like rancid rice. Forcing myself to eat it will only disgust me and harm my body. Why now I just throw it away? And let him suffer the pain of losing everything. The person who did the wrong thing will have to pay the price. The flash drive that I gave you is a copy. I still have another copy with me. I not only want him to lose everything but also want him to live with shame.” She said these words with a bit of hate on her face.
So, it was not that she didn’t hate him, she was just strong enough to know what was best for her current situation.
“Do you think that I am too cruel?” She looked at Armand.
“No, I admire your calmness,” Armand said indifferently.
“I will tell him everything today. I want to solve this matter as soon as possible, so I need you to help me.” She stated her demands.
Armand took out the proposed divorce agreement from his briefcase, “The agreement is written according to your request, and you can take a look.”
The woman took it over, read it and was very satisfied. She put it into her bag and said, “Then please help me to prepare a lawsuit as soon as possible. I want him to divorce without any possession, but he will refuse. We will fight a lawsuit, so I will still need your help.”
Armand said, “Leave it to me.”
The woman left, and Armand did not continue to sit. He left the cafe after her. Just when he was about to start the car, his phone in his pocket rang.
He took out his phone and it showed a message from Theresa. When he saw this, his heart tightened suddenly.
#####Chapter 831 Please Do Forgive Him
Armand stared at his cell phone for a long time. He didn’t reply to the message immediately. He imagined that she sent him a message because she missed him instead of discussing the divorce with him.
He had expectations and fear in his heart.
Plucking up his courage, he swiped to unlock the screen. With hesitation, he tabbed to read the message.
Theresa didn’t enter too many words, “I’ll go to find you tomorrow. Please get the divorce agreement ready.”
Reading the few words, Armand couldn’t help feeling disappointed. Without thinking twice, he replied: “Have you made up your mind?”
Actually, he wanted to ask her why she could make the decision so soon.
He knew that he shouldn’t question her, but he couldn’t help.
He felt quite upset.
The message tone didn’t ring at all. Theresa didn’t reply.
Before sending Armand the message, Theresa had made up her mind, so she didn’t reply to his last question.
Armand tabbed the contact list open and wanted to dial her phone number. He wanted to ask her why she could adjust her mood so soon and if it was because of another man. Thinking about her grievance, he gave up although he was so upset.
Leaning against the back of the chair, he closed his eyes.
After a while, he suppressed his surging emotion. Then he picked up his phone again and replied: “I’ve got it ready.”
He tossed the phone onto the passenger seat after sending the message. Then he started the engine and drove. As soon as he arrived home, he heard something smashed in the house. He hurriedly pushed the door open and entered, only to find that Elizabeth was scolding Bertha, “Who do you think you are? Why can’t I go out? You can’t stop me!”
Armand rushed over and said to Bertha, “Please don’t mind her.”
Bertha said, “I know. I don’t mind.”
“You can go back to work,” said Armand.
Bertha turned away.
“Armand, she doesn’t allow me to go out,” Elizabeth pulled Armand and complained, “You should fire her!”
Armand sat on the sofa and asked, “What are you going to do after going out?”
“I...” Elizabeth looked blank, wondering what she was going to do just now.
But she couldn’t remember.
Armand tried to calm her down, “Bertha doesn’t let you go out for your own good. There are bad men outside. She’s afraid you might get in danger. It’s not her fault. I asked her to do so.”
“It’s daytime. What nonsense are you talking about? How come there are bad men?” Elizabeth glared at him, “Stop lying to me.”
Armand said helplessly, “I’m not lying.”
“For real?”
“Yep.”
In the evening, after sending Elizabeth to sleep, Armand went back to his bedroom. He turned on the laptop and started working on the divorce agreement. He had done such a thing several times before, but this time, he had no idea where to start.
Theresa and he didn’t argue and they didn’t break up. It was just paperwork to get such an agreement.
Suddenly, he let out a bitter smile. The most abusive thing in this world was to draft his own divorce agreement.
Inwardly, he told himself that Theresa could search for her happiness after divorcing him. He would be satisfied as long as she would be happy.
However, no matter how hard he reminded himself, as long as he realized that he was drafting his own agreement, he couldn’t enter any word at all.
In the end, he gave up. He called a lawyer in his firm and said it was for a client, asking the lawyer to do it for him.
Elizabeth didn’t get better after taking the medicine. Armand thought that it might take time. When she got stubborn, Bertha couldn’t calm her down at all. Hence, Armand didn’t dare to leave her home. The next morning, he took Elizabeth to work.
His client had arrived at the law firm, waiting for him in the early morning.
“Who is this?” The woman saw Armand pushing an old lady in and thought that he had a new case.
Armand explained, “She’s my grandmother. She doesn’t want to stay home, and I’m worried to let her stay home alone.”
“I see,” the woman said, “Please help me find the lawsuit...” As she had expected, her husband didn’t want to be wiped out.
“Okay...”
“Hi, Theresa,” Elizabeth glinted at the woman, “Are you pregnant?”
The woman was confused.
Armand frowned and whispered to his grandmother, “She’s not Theresa.”
“I’m sorry. She mistook you as another woman.”
“What nonsense are you talking about? Who else is she if she was not Theresa? She’s carrying your baby in her belly. Good girl, come over.” Elizabeth reached out to the woman.
The woman cast a glance at Armand and reached to take her hand. Elizabeth pulled her and said, “Good you’re safe and sound. You must be good with Armand.”
The woman seemed to guess what was going on. She said, “Sure. Please rest assured.”
“All right. All right.” Elizabeth didn’t want to let go of the woman’s hand.
Armand rubbed his forehead, starting to regret taking her to work.
“I’m sorry for that.”
The woman didn’t mind and said, “It’s alright. She’s old. I understand.”
Armand said, “Shall we go in?”
Elizabeth pulled the woman. Armand asked her to wait for him in the reception room. He went to his office to sort out the documents. Later, he would go to the court with the woman.
Armand wanted to push Elizabeth away, but she was unwilling to, “I’ll stay here talking to Theresa. Go ahead with your work.”
“Grandma, she’s not Theresa...”
“Are you blind? Of course, she’s Theresa. Have you forgotten how upset you were when she was missing? How come you can’t recognize her now?” Elizabeth looked extremely serious.
Armand choked up.
The woman smiled, “Is Theresa your girlfriend or wife, Mr. Bernie?”
Armand was a bit embarrassed, “She’s my wife.”
“You must love her a lot. Otherwise, your grandmother wouldn’t remember so clearly how upset you were.” The woman wasn’t teasing him. She always thought that all men were quite bad. Now since she had heard what Elizabeth said, she had changed her mind.
It seemed that Mr. Bernie treasured his love.
Armand hummed and asked the receptionist to keep an eye on Elizabeth.
“Okay, Mr. Bernie.” The receptionist took over two glasses of water.
She passed one to Elizabeth, and the other to the woman.
The woman took over the water and took a sip. With a smile, she asked, “Mrs. Bernie, do you like your granddaughter-in-law?”
Elizabeth’s eyes widened, “You are granddaughter-in-law, aren't you? Are you still angry with Armand? He has broken up with Phoebe Lewis already. He always likes you. When you were missing, he was also miserable. Now you have a baby. Please do forgive him.”
The woman was speechless.
She liked Armand earlier and thought that he was a responsible man. It turned out...
Sure enough, she had confirmed again that men in this world were all bad.
“I won’t be reconciled with him.”
“Why... why not?” Elizabeth couldn’t believe what she had heard, “Theresa, please...”
“He has cheated on me. Why should I still be with him? Am I nuts?” She believed that as a woman, she must hate the bad men to the core.
“You can’t do this.” Elizabeth pinched the woman’s hand tightly, “Armand has realized it was his bad. Please do forgive him, Theresa.”
#####Chapter 832 You’ve Lost So Much Weight
The woman suddenly became quite serious with Elizabeth, “A man who has cheated on his wife can never be forgiven.”
Armand got the sorted documents from his office and walked to the woman, “Everything’s ready. Let’s go.”
“Where are you going?” Elizabeth suddenly became quite frightened, afraid that Armand would dump her.
The woman stood up. Armand tried to calm his grandmother down, “We have some business to deal with. I’ll be right back. Please wait here for me.” He winked at the receptionist, “Please keep an eye on her for me. Don’t let her go out. I’ll be back soon.”
“No! You can’t go.” Elizabeth pulled Armand’s arm.
“Mrs. Bernie, don’t you want me to be reconciled with Armand?” the woman deliberately asked. She wanted Elizabeth to stop pestering Armand.
Elizabeth was taken aback and answered, “Of course, I want you to reconcile.”
“All right. If so, please stay here and wait for us. We’ll go out for business. OK?”
Elizabeth hesitated for a moment and nodded in agreement, “Okay. You must come back as soon as possible.”
Armand patted her and answered, “Sure. We’ll be back soon.”
He stood up and looked at his client, “Let’s go.”
They walked out of the law firm together. The woman said, “Mr. Bernie, I always thought you were a good man. It seems I’ve made a mistake.”
Armand looked at her, “What do you mean?”
The woman smiled, “You should know it yourself.”
Armand pulled open the door of the car without explaining anything to her. He wasn’t close to this client. They were just working together now.
They went back to the firm pretty soon.
“Your husband should receive the court summon pretty soon. To prevent that he would do something extreme to hurt you, you’d better not stay with him,” Armand said to the client.
“I’ve already packed up my belongings before coming out today. Now, I’m staying in a hotel for the time being. After the divorce and I’ve got the ownership of the apartment, I’ll move back.” The woman seemed to be quite rational.
Armand nodded, “You must be careful.”
“Thank you, Mr. Bernie.” The car was parked in front of the law firm. The woman pushed the door open and got off.
Earlier, Theresa arrived at the law firm, and she found that Elizabeth was there. Hence, she didn’t enter, just waiting for Armand at the door.
She saw his car coming in. Then she stood on the steps.
A woman got off of his car, but Theresa didn’t have any emotional change after seeing that. She looked pretty calm.
Armand, however, wasn’t so calm as her. Seeing her standing there, he subconsciously explained, “She’s my client. We’ve just been to the court.”
Theresa said, “You don’t need to explain anything to me. It’s your freedom to do anything.”
Noticing her indifferent and cold tone, Armand couldn’t help but feel quite frustrated.
The woman cast a glance at Theresa and looked at Armand. She said, “I’m taking off now. By the way, I don’t hope you’ll make any mistake just because of your personal life.”
“Please don’t worry...” said Armand.
When the woman was about to turn away, Elizabeth saw her. She yelled, “Don’t go!”
Elizabeth operated her wheelchair and was about to go after the woman. Armand stopped her, “Grandma, let’s go back.”
“We can’t go back. She’s carrying your baby! You’ve made her suffered once. Do you want to do something wrong to her again?” Elizabeth pushed away Armand’s hand and went after that woman, “Theresa! Theresa, please forgive Armand.”
The woman turned around and happened to see Theresa’s shocked look.
The latter looked quite surprised that Elizabeth was calling the woman with her name.
When Armand saw Theresa and immediately explained, the client roughly could guess that she was Theresa who was mentioned by Elizabeth continuously.
Pointing at Theresa, the woman said, “She’s Theresa. You should talk to her.”
“I’m not a fool. She can’t be Theresa!” Elizabeth said affirmatively with a confident look as if she denied that she was stupid.
The client didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
For the sake the Elizabeth was an elder, she looked over at Armand, “Shall I accompany Mrs. Bernie? Then you can talk with this lady.”
Armand looked over at Theresa and said to his client, “Okay. Thanks a lot.”
“As long as you’ll try your best effort on my case, of course, I’m willing to do you a small favour.” After finishing talking to Armand, she said to Elizabeth with a smile, “Mrs. Bernie, shall we drink some coffee in the cafe opposite?”
Elizabeth widened her eyes, “You can’t leave her, Theresa. Otherwise, the bad woman will take the chance.”
When she mentioned “bad woman”, she cast a glance at Theresa, implying that she was the bad woman.
Elizabeth pulled the woman’s hand, “Theresa, I know you’ve suffered a lot. You were wronged. You should give Armand a chance to correct his mistake.”
As she spoke, Elizabeth’s eyes turned reddened, “I know it was all our fault. You were kidnapped by Phoebe Lewis, but Armand and I were both safe and sound. You... you’ve lost your baby and you were injured so badly... Oops... Why are you still pregnant?”
Elizabeth suddenly looked up at the woman. Blankness fulfilled her reddened eyes. She felt something wrong but she couldn’t recall anything.
She kept wondering what had gone wrong.
She held her head, “Where am I now?”
Armand walked to her and pushed her into the reception room. While passing by Theresa, he asked, “Could you please wait for me for a moment?”
Theresa nodded in agreement, taking a look at Elizabeth who looked quite suffered.
Armand spent some time calming down Elizabeth. Then he asked the receptionist to keep an eye on her and walked out.
“Let’s talk in the cafe opposite,” said Armand.
Theresa said OK.
They entered the café and found a quiet corner to sit down. A waiter came over and asked, “What would you like to order?”
“A cup of caffe americano. What about you?” Armand looked at Theresa and asked.
Theresa answered, “A glass of water would be fine.”
Armand said to the waiter, “That’s all. Thank you.”
“Okay, Sir.”
The waiter walked away. They were silent for a moment. Armand took the initiative to ask, “How have you been recently? I can tell you’ve lost so much weight.”
Theresa looked down, her eyelashes trembling slightly, “I’m pretty well.”
For some reason, they became quite polite with each other, not so intimate as before.
Armand’s hands that were under the table kept clenching and loosening from time to time. After a while, he said, “I forgot the take out the drafted agreement with me just now. I’ll call my coworker to bring them here.”
As he spoke, he gazed at Theresa and wanted to see if she would be reluctant and she still loved him from her expression.
#####Chapter 833 I Don’t Blame You
However, Theresa had been hiding her emotion very well. Armand couldn’t tell anything.
She looked pretty calm and he couldn’t tell if she was happy or angry. She whispered, “Okay.”
The strength that Armand’s faked instantly collapsed. He wondered if she could let go of him so completely.
For a moment, bitterness and soreness surged in his heart. He forced a smile, “All right.”
He pulled out his cell phone and called his coworker. The call was answered pretty soon, “Please bring the divorce agreement that I asked you to draft last night to the cafe opposite our firm.”
His coworker answered. He hung up the phone.
Theresa could see something emotional flashed through his eyes. However, when Armand put down the phone and looked over at her, his eyes were quite calm.
“Is Mrs. Bernie sick?” Elizabeth behaved way too weirdly.
She didn’t address Elizabeth as Grandma because she still had a knot in her heart.
Armand hummed, “She has Alzheimer's disease.”
Theresa could notice his helplessness in his tone, “It’s alright. I just need to spend more time to take care of her,” he added.
Theresa was surprised, “How could it be?”
Not long ago, Elizabeth looked quite spirited. Theresa couldn’t understand why suddenly she was sick, seemingly quite serious.
Armand said, “She’s getting old. It’s quite normal.”
“It must be quite difficult for you.” He must be extremely careful when taking care of Elizabeth. Moreover, Armand was the only family for his grandmother. No one else could share the burden with him.
Armand’s lips parted, “When I was little, she brought me up. Now she’s aged, I should take care of her. It’s my responsibility. My grandpa passed away quite a long time ago, and my parents were gone embarrassingly. She has suffered a lot of difficulties in her life. I understand her, so I’ve been always obedient and respectful to her. It’s just you have been wronged so much.”
Probably Theresa had already let go of it until now, so she didn’t want to be bothered by their past, “Let’s just forget the bygones.”
“However, the harm for you can’t be erased. I apologize to you on her behalf.” Armand stared at her deeply.
Right then, the waiter served their drinks. Theresa wanted to tell him that she wouldn’t blame Elizabeth since they had broken up. However, when the waiter approached, she swallowed her words back. Then she picked up the water and took a sip.
Armand thought for a while and added, “After we divorce, if you can meet a good man who can take care of you...”
“I’ll consider marrying him,” Theresa interrupted him.
Armand lowered his head, “After all, it’s all my bad.”
“Please stop saying such words,” Theresa turned around and peered out of the window, “Why hasn’t your coworker come yet?”
Armand said, “I don’t know. Let me call him again.” After that, he picked up his phone. When he was about to dial the number, his phone started ringing. He swiped to answer, only to hear the exclaims from the other end of the line, “Bad news, Mr. Bernie. Bad news! Your grandmother rolled down the stairs.”
“What happened?” Armand immediately stood up.
“She said she was thirsty, so she asked me to pour her a glass of water. While I was getting her the water, she went to the stairs and fell from them.”
“I got it.” Armand hung up the phone.
“What happened?” Theresa faintly overheard that someone fell.
Armand didn’t hide it from her, “Grandma fell from the stairs. I must go back.”
“I’ll go with you.” After all, it was a matter of life and death.
Armand glanced at her gratefully and didn’t speak. He strode out of the cafe. After paying the bill, Theresa trotted to follow him.
The ambulance had arrived. Elizabeth was carried out from the firm. Armand ran over. The receptionist was freaked out and couldn’t stop crying. When seeing Armand, she immediately explained, “Mr. Bernie, I didn’t mean to do it.”
Armand asked her to keep an eye on Elizabeth, but Elizabeth fell. The receptionist believed that she needed to take responsibility.
Armand ignored her and followed the doctors into the ambulance. Although Theresa was quite worried, she didn’t follow them. Soon, she would have nothing to do with Armand, so she didn’t believe that she should be involved in their matters. Standing in front of the ambulance, she looked at Armand and was about to leave. Right then, Elizabeth called her name.
Armand hurriedly grabbed Elizabeth’s hand. Her face was covered with blood. A doctor was bandaging her to stop bleeding.
“Theresa...” she called again.
Theresa looked back. Right at this moment, Elizabeth’s mind seemed to be quite clean. Looking at Theresa, she said, “I’m sorry.”
Although Theresa had a lot of complaints towards her, right then, looking at Elizabeth’s wrinkled face and tearful eyes, Theresa couldn’t blame her at all. She said to comfort Elizabeth, “I don’t blame you, Mrs. Bernie.”
“She doesn’t blame me. She doesn’t blame me...” Elizabeth muttered to repeat. She lay down and said to Armand, “She doesn’t blame me.”
Armand looked over at Theresa. Their gazes met in the mid-air. The doctor closed the door to block their gaze. Soon, the ambulance roared away.
Theresa pulled out her cell phone and sent Armand a message: “Please let me know after Mrs. Bernie is fine.”
Soon, she received Armand’s rely, “Sure.”
Theresa hailed a cab and wanted to see Dolores’s baby in the villa. The cab stopped in front of the villa and she paid the fare. A jeep was pulled over after the cab was gone. She looked back, only to find that Noah and Chloe were getting off from it. Noah asked Chloe to be careful, and the latter smiled and said, “Get the things on the backseat out.”
Noah got several boxes.
Theresa greeted them with a smile, “Hello, guys. I see you’ve brought some baby supplies. Are you here to see the baby?”
Chloe nodded.
“Let’s go in together,” said Noah.
Theresa said OK.
In the villa, Dolores was talking to Coral.
“Mrs. Nelson, could you please have a look at what kind of medicine this is?” When Coral was cleaning Jayden’s bedroom, she accidentally knocked off a bottle of medicine. She knew the words on the bottle but she didn’t know what the medicine was for. She had seen such empty bottles in Jayden’s bedroom last time already.
Dolores didn’t know either, “Let me check,” she said.
She pulled out her cell phone and searched on the browser. Right then, they heard the doorbell. Coral went to answer the door. Dolores was alone, reading the search results.
The longer she stared at the phone, the paler she became. Her hands were trembling when holding the cell phone. She was shocked.
How could it be?
“Excuse me, Mrs. Nelson. Ms. Gordon and Mr. Harris... What happened?” Coral was standing at the door. Before finishing her words, she found that Dolores was quite pale.
She walked in. Dolores hurriedly put away her phone and looked at her, “Pardon me, please?”
“I said we have guests,” answered Coral.
Dolores said, ‘I see. Please receive them for me. I’ll go out later.”
#####Chapter 834 A Friend in Need Was a Friend Indeed
Coral was quite worried about her, “You look so pale.”
Dolores turned her back to Coral, “I’m alright. Please receive the guests first.”
Coral could only agree.
After she was gone, Dolores collapsed on the bed. She could hardly believe it. She felt so uneasy, cold sweat oozing on her forehead.
She tried to calm herself down, keeping telling herself that the situation shouldn’t be too bad.
Picking up the phone, she dialled Matthew’s number.
The CEO’s office, WY Group.
Matthew, wearing a black shirt with a loosened necktie, was staring at the document in his hands. His collarbones could be faintly seen from the collar. His sleeves were rolled up. There were two piles of documents on his desk. Without raising his head, he asked the man in his office, “Haven’t you made up your mind yet?”
Abbott sat in front of the desk, lowering his head in silence.
“It’s just a woman. Look at you. Are you still a man?” Matthew closed the file and put it away. Then he picked up another file.
“You’ve got married, so now you can mock me. In the past, didn’t you chase after a woman all over the world...”
Matthew paused while browsing the document. He looked up and cast Abbott a casual glance. The latter became a coward immediately. Inwardly, he bitched about Matthew for being double-standard.
“Ahem... I was kidding. Haha...”
“Come back to work from tomorrow now. You should have enjoyed yourself long enough,” Matthew gave him an ultimatum.
Abbott was still spiritless, “Aren’t you afraid I would fail you?”
“No woman would prefer a useless man. If you have nothing, who wants to marry you?” Matthew directly asked him ruthlessly. Abbott was rendered speechless.
Abbott believed that Emma would definitely look down upon him in that case.
He nodded and stood up, taking the initiative to ask, “Anything I can do for you now?”
Matthew put down his pen and raised his chin, hinting that Abbott could take away both piles of documents in front of him.
Abbott gaped.
“You are oppressing me now, aren’t you?”
“I’m giving you a chance to show your performance.” Matthew shook his neck a bit.
Right then, his phone started vibrating.
He picked it up and swiped to answer. Then he heard Dolores’s hoarse voice from the other end of the line, “Matthew, please come home early today. I have something to tell you.”
Matthew could sense that something was wrong from her voice. He asked, “What happened, honey? Are you not feeling well?”
“Not really. Please come home early. I’ll be waiting for you no matter when you’ll come home.”
After that, she hung up the phone. Holding the phone, Matthew stared at the phone screen, slightly frowning. Then he put it down.
Abbott picked up the documents from his desk, “I must have owed you a lot,” he said.
Matthew curled up his lips and said, “I’ll give you a raise.”
Abbott couldn’t complain more as Matthew said so. He devoted himself to the work soon.
He walked away with the documents.
In the villa, Dolores adjusted her mood and walked out. Seeing that Noah was also there, she still smiled although she felt upset, “Why did you guys come here together?”
Theresa answered, “We met at the gate.”
“I came back to see Chloe. Since we are free, we decide to come to see you and the baby. Where is it? I want to hold the baby.” Noah smiled. His fair skin had turned to tanned skin. He used to look gentle but now he looked rough.
Dolores said, “The baby is out.”
Kevin came back with Theresa this time just for seeing the baby. Now it was getting cooler, Jessica and he took the baby out earlier today.
“I see.” Noah was a bit disappointed.
Dolores sat down and asked, “Did you say you came back to see Chloe? Isn’t Chloe serving in the military base now?”
“She resigned a long time ago.” Noah scratched his head, “She’s pregnant.”
“For real?” Dolores said with a smile, “Congratulations! You’ll be a father soon.”
Theresa’s gaze fell on Chloe’s abdomen. A trace of disappointment flashed through her eyes quickly.
As women, others could give birth, but she couldn’t.
She looked down expressionlessly.
Noah would become a father for the first time, so he was expectant and nervous. Right now, he was a bit embarrassed.
“We bought some gifts for the baby.” Chloe passed the boxes to Dolores. The latter took them over and said, “Thank you so much. Next time, please don’t bring anything. We don’t lack anything. The baby is growing fast. Things could be wasted.”
Chloe smiled, “We can’t come here with empty hands.”
“We are family,” said Dolores.
“Can I come to see you often in the future? You have the experience to give birth.” Chloe was afraid that Dolores was still disgusted about what had happened before.
In fact, she also felt a bit disgusted. However, she knew that it was because she was out of her mind so that she had done those wrong things.
After marrying Noah, she had understood a lot of things.
She treasured the current peaceful life she was leading.
“Of course,” Dolores smiled and answered.
“By the way, Noah has been promoted as the regimental commander,” said Chloe.
“Really?” Dolores looked over at Noah, “Are you the youngest regimental commander now? I’m so happy for you.”
“This is not my ultimate target. I must develop the Harris family and make it prosperous again,” said Noah solemnly.
Dolores said, “I believe you can.”
Chloe looked at Noah’s shiny eyes. In the past, she didn’t realize it but now she believed that Noah was a man worth spending the rest of her life with. His hardworking and generousness were so charming to her.
She believed that Noah could definitely make the Harris family prosperous again.
Chloe didn’t hide while staring at Noah. Seeing that, Dolores curled up her lips into a smile, feeling so happy for Noah and Chloe.
After experiencing so many things, the two families had changed a lot. When they were both in the most difficult time, the two fell in love and got married. Dolores believed that they must love each other truly. After all, a friend in need was a friend indeed.
#####Chapter 835 Uneasiness
“When will Joshua come back? I must go back tomorrow,” asked Noah.
He came here mainly to see the baby and visit Dolores by the way.
Dolores answered, “He’s been taken out for a while. He should come back soon. It’s so rare for you to come over. Please stay for lunch.”
“Sure,” Noah agreed happily.
When it was time to prepare lunch, Dolores asked Coral to cook more dishes.
Since Coral was alone, Dolores was worried that she would be too busy. She said, “If you are bored, Noah, you can go to the study and find some book to read.”
“I’m familiar with your house. I’ll make myself home.” Noah was quite relaxed.
Dolores stood up, “All right. I’m going to prepare lunch.”
“I’ll help you.” Chloe stood up.
Theresa said, “You are pregnant. Just stay here. I’ll help them in the kitchen.”
“It’s still young. I’m fine.” Chloe stood up. Dolores pressed her down, “We have enough helpers. If you are bored, please watch TV.”
Chloe was a bit embarrassed, “You are all busy, but I’m idle. I felt not so appropriate.”
Dolores smiled and said, “We’re family.” After that, she walked out of the living room. Theresa followed her. She pulled Theresa’s hand and asked, “Are you all right?”
Theresa shook her head, “I’m OK.”
Dolores heaved a sigh. She was worried about Theresa the most.
Although Theresa had hidden her depressed look very well, Dolores still noticed it.
Seeing that they come into the kitchen, Coral said, “I can handle it all by myself.”
“It’ll take you a long time to finish them all. Let us help you make it faster,” said Theresa. She poked Dolores and asked, “Did you do it on purpose?”
After all, in the past, Chloe coveted Dolores’s husband. Now, they became relatives. Things were so unpredictable.
Dolores glanced at her, “Are you mocking me?”
“I’m a joke myself. Who would I mock?” Theresa walked to Coral, “I’ll cut the vegetables for you.”
Coral answered, “Okay. I’ll wash them.”
Dolores said, “I’ll cook them.”
They worked together and worked fast. Soon, the lunch was ready. Jessica and Kevin brought the baby home. Noah took Joshua from Kevin’s arms. He noticed that the baby looked like Dolores a lot.
“Have a rest, Jessica. I’ll get you a glass of water,” said Kevin.
Jessica walked over, “I can do it myself. Thank you, though. You should be quite tired as you’ve been holding the baby all the time.”
Jessica poured a glass of water to him.
Kevin smiled.
Coral walked out of the kitchen and said, “Guys, wash your hands. Time for lunch.”
They sat at the dining table. Dishes were served.
Jessica asked if Jayden was home.
Jayden was always out recently. He said he was going out to meet his friends.
Talking about him, Dolores couldn’t keep her smile. However, since she was with the guests, she forced a smile.
“It’s good to meet friends for an old man. His grandchildren are going to school. If he stays home all the time, he’ll feel bored,” said Chloe.
Dolores had also thought in the same way. Victoria had passed away, so Jayden must be quite lonely. She believed that it was good for him to meet his friends. As the junior in the family, she could only take care of him, but only his other half could provide him with the accompany mentally.
However, when Dolores thought about it now, she felt how careless she was. Jayden had been sick, but neither Matthew nor she knew about it.
She felt quite guilty as she didn’t care about the elder enough.
She filled Kevin’s bowl with soup, “How are you doing, Kevin?”
After knowing Jayden might be sick, she extremely cared about people around her, afraid that they might be sick as well. Kevin was also getting old. He was managing a factor in City C.
“I’m pretty well. I’m in good health. Now I have something to do, so I feel as if I’ve got younger. Only if you can come to City C with us. Then I can see the baby more often.”
After speaking, Kevin found that he had made a mistake, “Matthew wouldn’t let you go there, I’m sure,” he added.
In the past, Dolores also had such an idea. Now, she didn’t want to. Matthew was too busy. Dolores wanted to take good care of their family.
After lunch, Noah held the baby for a while. He couldn’t stay long as he needed to go back to the military base. Before leaving, he said, “Dolores, we’ll come to see you when we’re free.”
Dolores said, “Okay.”
Theresa had been staying in the villa quite often, so she was like in her own house. After lunch, she helped Coral do the dishes. Dolores went to take care of the baby.
After things were cleaned up, Theresa still hadn’t received any message from Armand. She started to be worried.
She took an initiative to send him a message.
He didn’t reply to her.
She wondered if Elizabeth was injured seriously.
Otherwise, why wouldn’t Armand reply to her?
Theresa felt uneasier and uneasier. Dolores held the baby. Seeing Theresa was in a daze while standing in front of the window, she walked over, “Theresa, what are you thinking?”
“What?”
Theresa looked back and answered, “Nothing.”
Then she added, “Mrs. Bernie fell. I wonder how she’s doing now.”
She didn’t want to hide anything from Dolores.
“When did it happen?” asked Dolores.
“This morning,” Theresa answered.
Dolores pulled out her cell phone, “I’ll call Armand and ask him.”
Theresa looked at her and hummed to answer. She wanted to know how Elizabeth was doing. Armand didn’t contact her, which made her quite uneasy.
#####Chapter 836 He Might Hide It for a Moment but Not a Lifetime
Soon, Dolores heard the robotic voice from the other end of the line, “I’m sorry but the subscriber you dialled is power off...”
She looked over at Theresa with the phone in her hand, “Don’t worry. Probably his phone died.”
Theresa nodded. Reaching out, she wanted to carry the baby, “Let me hold him.”
Now the baby could look up. When Theresa held him, he looked around and his big round eyes kept rolling.
Theresa rubbed his head, “This little fellow’s hair is ink-black. He has so much hair.”
Dolores also thought that her son’s hair was quite good. When Andrew and Amanda were little, their hair didn’t look so good. It became better after they grew up gradually.
Right then, Dolores’s cell phone started vibrating. She pulled out the phone and saw Matthew’s caller ID. She swiped to answer.
Soon, she heard Matthew’s voice, “Come out.”
For a moment, Dolores didn’t get it, “What?”
“I’m at the gate.”
Since Abbott asked for a leave, Matthew had been quite busy. He always left home early and went back home late. Suddenly, he came back in the afternoon, which made Dolores shocked, “Why have you come back at this time.”
“Come out.”
Dolores was speechless.
“You can go out. I’ll take care of Joshua for you,” said Theresa with a smile.
Dolores said on the phone, “Okay. I got it.” After that, she hung it up and said to Theresa, “If you want to go out, please let my mom take care of him.”
“I know. Just go ahead,” said Theresa.
Dolores went upstairs and got a jacket before going out. A black car was parked on the roadside. She walked over, pulled the door open, and sat in, “You’ve already come back. Why didn’t you go in?”
Matthew turned to look at her carefully.
Under his gaze, Dolores felt quite uneasy, “What are you looking at?”
“I’m trying to find if you are unhappy.” Otherwise, she wouldn’t have called him so suddenly and said those words. He reached out to pull her hand, “Is it because I’m too busy recently and can’t accompany you, so you are bothered?”
Dolores patted him on his hand and said seriously, “Stop fooling around. I have something to tell you.”
“Ehn. Go ahead. I’m all my ears.” He gazed at her without a blink, which made Dolores feel that he wasn’t serious at all. She said more seriously, “I’m serious.”
Matthew said, “So am I.”
After thinking for a moment, Dolores said, “Will you go back to the company later?”
Matthew answered, “No, I won’t.”
“Let’s call Dad and have dinner with him outside tonight.”
“Why? Anything happened?” Looking at her solemn face, Matthew was certain that something had happened. Otherwise, she wouldn’t suddenly suggest it.
“Dad might be sick. He’s been hiding it from us,” said Dolores.
Matthew’s face became darkened. His eyes deepened, “How did you know it?”
If it were just a minor sickness, Dolores wouldn’t have called him on purpose and been so serious.
“When Coral was cleaning up his bedroom, she accidentally knocked over his medicine... I checked the medicine online and found it was for curing cancer,” Dolores said in a low voice.
Matthew didn’t react quite fiercely, but he felt so uneasy. He let go of Dolores’s hand and kept silent for a long time while sitting on the driver’s seat.
Dolores took his hand and gripped it tightly. She comforted him, “Please don’t worry too much. Probably it’s not serious. Right now, we should talk to Dad and ask him about his current condition.”
Matthew seemed to feel quite hard to accept this news. After a long while, he turned to look at her and asked, “Have you seen it clearly?”
It wasn’t because he didn’t believe what she said. It was just because he was unwilling to believe it.
“I wouldn’t talk to you recklessly if I hadn’t seen it clearly. It’s my bad. I found something wrong with him earlier, but he told me he had just got a cold. He also doesn’t hold Joshua as much as before. I thought he was afraid to infect Joshua, so I didn’t pay attention... It’s my fault.”
“It’s not your fault.” Matthew pulled out his phone and dialled Jayden’s number.
The call wasn’t connected until a while later.
“Dad, where are you?” Matthew immediately said as soon as it was answered, “I want to meet you. Now.”
Usually, Matthew seldom called Jayden. Judging from his tone, Jayden knew that probably he had sensed something. He heaved a sigh and said, “Let’s meet outside.”
“Okay.” Matthew gave him an address and hung up the phone. He tossed the phone on the central console and started the engine. The car roared away.
Dolores knew that probably he needed some time to calm down at this moment, so she didn’t continue comforting him. They could talk after meeting Jayden later.
In the silent compartment, they could hear each other’s breath so clearly.
The car was parked in front of a tea house. As soon as they got off and entered, they could smell the faint scent of the tea. A waiter came to receive them. Matthew said, “Please give us a quiet box. A pot of Chinese oolong tea, please.”
“This way, please.” The waiter led them to the innermost box, “This box is quietest.”
The decoration in the box was antique and elegant. Matthew nodded in satisfaction.
Dolores and he sat down. Soon, the waiter came in with a tea-making set and put them on the tea table.
Dolores said, “We want to be here alone. You don’t need to stay and serve us.”
The waiter left. When Dolores was learning design, she studied the tea ceremony for having a sense of peace in mind. Although she wasn’t so skilful, she still remembered the consequences. She warmed up the tea with boiled water, looked at the colour and smelt the scent, put some tea leaves into it, poured the water, and made the tea in one go.
After a short while, the box was fulfilled with a faint scent of tea. Matthew gradually calmed down.
Creak-
The door of the box was pushed open. Jayden came in.
Dolores put down the teapot and stood up, “Dad, here you came.”
Jayden waved at her to let her sit down. He sat down at the tea table and saw the tea. He asked, “Did you make it?”
Dolores said yes.
“Have you learned tea ceremony before?”
“I went to several classes. I only know a little about it.” Dolores poured a cup of tea for him.
Jayden picked it up and took a sip. He asked, “Have you known it?”
Dolores took a look at Matthew and answered, “Yes, we have.”
“Why did you hide it from us?” Matthew was quite calm now. His voice was extremely low.
Jayden heaved a sigh, “I also plan to tell you about it.”
He knew that he might hide it from them for a moment but not a lifetime.
#####Chapter 837 Couldn’t Help Caring About Him
“I’m getting old. Sooner or later, I’ll leave. I hid it from you as I don’t want you to be upset.” Jayden was quite calm as if he had already seen through life and death. At his age, he had no regret at all. Now he had a son and grandchildren and enjoyed the happiness of a family union.
“What did the doctor say?” Matthew didn’t want to hear him say those words.
Currently, he was eager to know Jayden’s current condition.
“It’s not your style, Matthew.” Jayden poured tea into Matthew’s cup, “I’m always proud of you. You are my son, but you’ve never made anything difficult for me. You’ve been quite successful in your family and career. I don’t have anything to teach you. Instead, I’m not so smart as you. Before your mother passed away, I hadn’t confessed my love to her at all. That’s the biggest regret in my heart.”
“Let’s have a toast.” Jayden picked up his cup and looked at his son. Matthew’s eyes deepened. He said hoarsely, “I used to complain about you before. I blamed you for hiding the truth.”
Matthew also had a regret.
That was the untouchable wound at the bottom of his heart.
“If I could turn back the time, I wouldn’t stop you from recognizing each other no matter who would stop me. You could live together...” Jayden’s eyes became tearful. He blamed himself for being so stupid back then.
So what if that would impact a lot of people? At least, in that case, Victoria wouldn’t have so many regrets in her life. She was mistaken as a mistress even when she passed away. Her biological son was so close to her, but she didn’t dare to expect him to call her Mom.
Jayden wondered how much she had suffered as the birth mother who carried Matthew for ten months and gave birth to him.
Matthew picked up his cup and clinked with Jayden’s. He gulped it down as if he was drinking a shot. He put down the cup and said, “Let’s go to the hospital together. I’ll find you the best doctor.”
“I don’t want to spend my last moment in the hospital.” Jayden was afraid that they would do that, so he chose to hide it from them at first, “It’s at the late period already. I might go pretty soon. Even if I stayed in the hospital, I might live only a few days longer. It doesn’t make any sense to me.”
“Dad.” Dolores originally thought that it might be at the early or middle stage, so there probably be some hope to cure him. However, she felt quite overwhelmed right now, “The medical technology is quite advanced now. Probably there’s still hope...”
“I’ve done a complete checkup. I know you are quite filial. If you truly want me to be happy, please accompany me to move back to the Nelson Mansion. I spent my life with her staying there. After she’s gone, I dare not to go back. Everything in that house has fulfilled the memories with her. I dare not touch anything. Now, it’s the last stage of my life. I want to stay at our house. When she was alive, she didn’t have a chance to reunite with you all. But you can fulfil my last wish by doing so right now.” Jayden looked quite haggard.
“Okay. But you must take the medical treatment.” Matthew was quite determined.
Dolores also agreed with him. No matter what, they should treat the best to cure Jayden. Earlier, she didn’t look at Jayden carefully. Now taking a closer look, she could tell that Jayden didn’t only lose much weight, but also looked yellowish and his lips were extremely pale.
“I agree with Matthew.” She grabbed Matthew’s hand, “We were also upset when Mom was gone. For us, you should be cooperative with the doctor. Joshua can’t speak yet. I don’t think you are reluctant to leave him, are you?”
Jayden agreed to take the treatment.
After leaving the tea house, Dolores started preparing for moving. Matthew took Jayden to the hospital. He wanted to know his father’s current condition in detail.
When Dolores came back and told Coral that they were moving out, the latter sensed something wrong. In secret, she asked Dolores about Jayden’s condition.
Dolores didn’t hide it from all people in the family. She also reminded them, “Just behave as normally as usual. We can’t have special behaviours. Otherwise, he would feel stressed.”
Kevin was quite upset. He couldn’t believe that Jayden would have cancer, “Would the checkup be wrong?”
“I don’t think so,” said Dolores. Jayden had been taking that kind of prescribed medicine, so it should be confirmed by the doctor. That kind of medicine could suppress his condition.
“I won’t go back to City C for the time being then. I must stay here to take care of him.” Kevin had treated Jayden as his brother-in-law a long time ago. Although Victoria and he got together not for love at the beginning, they gave birth to Matthew. In the past decades, Jayden had been taking care of Victoria. Kevin wanted to do something to him right now.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so ashamed when meeting his younger sister in heaven again.
Tears well up in his eyes. Kevin said, “I’m going to call Oscar and let him know my decision.”
As he spoke, he walked out of the living room.
The atmosphere in the living room became pretty frustrating. Coral and Jessica were also quite upset. Dolores said to them, “Please stop being like this. If Dad comes back and sees it, he will feel stressed.”
“We’re not upset.” Jessica tried her best to calm down. She had experienced such moments, so she just couldn’t help thinking about a lot of things.
Coral, however, couldn’t calm down at all.
Jessica pulled her and said, “He’s still alive, so we still have time to take good care of him. Come on. Let’s help them pack.”
“Lola.” Theresa walked over. Joshua had fallen asleep in her arms, and now he was sleeping soundly, “I don’t know what to say to comfort you.”
“I’m fine, Theresa,” said Dolores, “Please help me look after Joshua for the time being.”
“Sure.”
With Jessica and Coral’s help in packing, Dolores hired the hourly servants to clean up the Nelson Mansion.
No one had stayed there for a while, so the whole house was quite dusty. Windows needed to be opened to get fresh air inside.
The house was full of furniture and all kinds of facilities. They could move in with some daily supplies.
After cleaning up the house, they needed to wait for at least one day before moving in.
In the evening, Matthew and Jayden came back to the villa. All people behaved as usual. After digesting the news for a whole afternoon, they looked quite natural. However, they couldn’t help feeling concerns about him.
Coral had cooked Jayden’s favourite dishes and urged him to eat more.
#####Chapter 838 Conservative Treatment
“You always cook the kids’ favourite dishes. Why are you so enthusiastic today?” Jayden raised his head and looked at Coral.
For a moment, Coral didn’t know how to answer.
Jessica chimed in, “Coral always cares about the kids. Now, she has finally realized she needs to care about us.”
Jayden heaved a sigh. He could tell from all their expressions that they had known about his health issue, “I hide it from you just because I’m afraid you would be like this.”
None of the adults at the dining table had the appetite. Only the children didn’t know anything about it. Amanda picked up some food for him, “Grandpa, are you unhappy today?”
Jayden rubbed her head, “I’m not unhappy. Even if I wasn’t happy, I would be happy as soon as seeing you, Amanda.” After that, he looked at others and said, “Let’s eat.”
“Let’s start eating.” Dolores didn’t have any appetite, but she still urged others to eat. She didn’t want the atmosphere to be so stressful, which wasn’t good for Jayden’s sickness.
Firstly, he must have a good mood, which helped cure him.
After dinner, Dolores carried the baby upstairs. Matthew went upstairs as soon as he came back home. He said he had some urgent businesses to deal with, so he didn’t come downstairs for dinner. Dolores knew that it was because of Jayden’s condition.
She pushed the door of the bedroom open. The room was completely dark. The curtain wasn’t pulled down in front of the window. She saw a black figure sitting there. She walked over and turned on the lamp on the nightstand. The yellow light lit up the bedroom. She put down the baby on the bed. The little fellow hadn’t slept yet, but he didn’t cry after being put down.
Dolores walked to the window and sat on his lap. Matthew wrapped his hands around her waist, pressing his head in her arms. She held him and asked, “What did the doctor say?”
Matthew was silent for a long while.
Dolores could clearly feel that he was slightly trembling. His lips and cheek that were clinging to her were icy cold.
Feeling sorry for him, Dolores kissed him on the forehead. She knew that he was the most upset one after knowing that Jayden had cancer, “No matter what, our children and I will always be with you. I also want to transfer the tailor’s shop in City C to Theresa.”
Theresa had the capability and she should something belonging to herself.
In fact, Dolores had such a thought for a long time. It was just because there wasn’t a good chance before. Right now, she would take a chance to do it, and Theresa shouldn’t refuse.
“I’ll stay home with our children. I won’t go anywhere. I’ll be by your side and take care of Dad.” She held his face with her hands, making him look into her eyes, “I’m so upset when seeing you so frustrated.”
Matthew pushed her hands away, pressing his head in her arms again. He said hoarsely, “Just let me calm down.”
Dolores kept silent while holding him.
After a long time.
“He got advanced lung cancer. It’s spreading. There’s a shadow in his brain now,” Matthew muffled in her arms.
According to the doctor, the cancer cells might have spread in Jayden’s brain, which was quite dangerous. If not, he could make another three to six months. Otherwise, if it had been spread in his brain, he could only have another one to three months.
It was cruel news.
Dolores had been fully prepared, but her eyes were still reddened. She had thought that they should have one or two years. Much to her surprise, it had become so serious.
“What did the doctor suggest?” she asked in a hoarse tone.
“The doctor suggested taking the surgery. Others treatments all have quite limited effects. Dad doesn’t want to do the surgery.” Matthew left Dolores’s arms and looked at her under the dim light, “He’s quite stubborn.”
Hence, he couldn’t do anything.
Jayden said that he was so old, and he was unwilling to do the surgery on his head.
Dolores stroked his face, “Is there any conservative treatment for him?”
Matthew nodded.
“I’ve already sent people in the mansion to clean it up. We can move in tomorrow.”
“Wah... Wah...” The baby suddenly started crying on the bed.
Matthew wanted to stand up. Dolores took the chance to stand up.
“I’ll hold him,” said Matthew. Probably he had been sitting for a long time and Dolores was sitting on his lap for a while, his thighs were numb. He bent over and rubbed them. Dolores squatted down, helping him rub.
Soon, he felt much better. He carried his son. The baby wasn’t hungry or didn’t pee. He just wanted to be held. As soon as Matthew held him up, he stopped weeping.
Matthew had already carried him quite often, but he still wasn’t skilful enough.
Dolores said that she would go check on the other two kids, so she left.
Jessica had just finished bathing them. They were in pyjamas. Dolores pulled them to sit down on the bed and said, “I have something to tell you guys.”
“What is it?” Amanda threw herself into her mother’s arms. Dolores held her up and put Amanda on her lap.
Andres sat next to them as an adult and asked, “What happened? I could tell no one had an appetite when having dinner. After dinner, Grandpa Kevin went to Grandpa’s room. He hasn’t come out yet.”
Dolores rubbed his head and said, “We’ll move in the Nelson Mansion tomorrow. We used to stay there before.”
“I don’t mind,” Amanda said, “As long as you will also move in.”
“Of course, we all will move in,” Dolores held her and said, “Amanda, from now on, you must care more about Grandpa, OK?”
“I love and care about Grandpa a lot.” Amanda had become mature. However, Dolores didn’t tell her directly, so she still didn’t get that her grandfather was sick.
However, Andrew realized something and asked, “Is Grandpa sick?”
Otherwise, why would their mother suddenly remind them about it?
Dolores reached out and held her son in her arms. She didn’t deny or admit it. Instead, she said seriously to him, “Grandpa is getting old. He will be quite happy if Amanda and you are always by his side. From now on, you should accompany him and talk to him more.”
“Mommy, no worries. We will,” said Andrew obediently.
“Mommy, where is Aunt Renee?” Since Theresa had changed her appearance and got a new name, they had been calling her Aunt Renee instead of Aunt Theresa.
Theresa didn’t eat much for dinner. She went out after dinner. It seemed she had received a call from Armand.
Dolores didn’t know what happened exactly. However, she could guess that it might have something to do with Elizabeth.
After knowing that Jayden got sick, she didn’t have much energy to care about others’ businesses.
Theresa received a call from Armand after dinner. He said his phone was dead earlier, so he didn’t saw her message until he turned on the phone again.
Hence, he called her right away.
Elizabeth’s head was injured. Although she didn’t have any danger, she was in a coma for a long time. So far, she hadn’t woken up yet.
Listening to Armand, Theresa could tell that he was not well. Although he insisted that he was fine, Theresa could tell from his tone that he was upset.
She was worried about him, so she headed to the hospital.
When she arrived, Armand was sitting on the bench in the corridor. He lowered his head, looking quite frustrated.
“Hey, Armand,” Theresa called him.
Armand looked up and saw her. His dimmed eyes suddenly lit up. He stood up and asked, “Why are you here?”
Theresa walked to him. Originally, she was worried about him, but she answered, “I’m here to see Mrs. Bernie.”
Armand felt a bit disappointed. He thought that she came over because she was worried about him, “She’s in the ward,” he said.
“You haven’t eaten anything until now, have you?” Theresa could tell that his voice was hoarse.
Armand said, “I haven’t had time yet.”
“I’ll buy some food for you.” Theresa turned around. Armand followed her, “I’ll go with you.”
Theresa didn’t respond, just tacitly approving it.
They walked shoulder-by-shoulder. It was evening, so there weren't many people in the corridor.
Out of the hospital, they went across the road to a noodle restaurant.
Armand ordered a bowl of beef noodles. He asked, “Theresa, have you had dinner yet?”
Theresa sat down and answered, “I’ve had it.”
Armand nodded and asked again, “Are you thirsty?”
Theresa said, “No, I’m not.”
Armand tried to find a subject to talk to her, but he didn’t know what to speak. Suddenly, he blurted out, “There’s an accident today. Let’s deal with the divorce tomorrow.”
Theresa clenched her hands under the table. She looked quite calm, “Are you so eager to divorce me?”
Armand looked at her, “Aren’t you ready? I’ve been a drag for you for such a long time. I can’t drag you any longer.”
“Now you’ve realized you are a drag to me, so do you want to compensate me?” Theresa couldn’t keep calm anymore.
She was so angry with his words.
“What do you want?” Armand was quite generous to her. He was willing to give her no matter what she wanted.
“What else do you have?” He had left all his money to her. She wondered what else he still had now.
Theresa took a deep breath. She was afraid that she would lose control if continuing talking to him. She stood up and was about to leave.
“Wait, Theresa.” Armand followed her to stand up.
Theresa said, “Go ahead with your dinner. I want to get some fresh air outside.”
Armand followed her uneasily, “What happened to you?”
“I’m just fine!” Theresa felt extremely irritated, “Don’t follow me.”
“I’m worried about you.” Armand pressed his lips, “Are you angry?”
Theresa looked back, staring at him under the street lamp. With a sneer, she said, “You asked me what I want, didn’t you? Will you give me whatever I want?”
Armand answered without any hesitation, “Yes. I’ll give you whatever you want as long as I can give it to you.”
“Okay. Since you know you’ve owed me, give me your life,” said Theresa from spite.
Armand looked at her angry face, “You are angry.”
This time he didn’t ask her but made a statement.
“Why did you skip my question? Do you want to go back on your word?” Theresa asked aggressively.
Armand stared at her and said affectionately, “Nope. I’ve said I’ll give you whatever you want. I’m a man of my word. I’ve already given up something that I’m reluctant with the most. What else can I give?”
#####Chapter 839 Are You Nuts
“Okay. Give it to me then. Right now.” Theresa was furious.
“Here you go.” Armand walked to her, wanting to hug her. She pushed him away, “Leave me alone. Give me the divorce agreement tomorrow.”
After that, she turned away. Armand rushed over to grab her, “Theresa...”
“Hey, your noodles are ready. If you don’t need them, you should pay for it.” Right then, the owner of the noodle restaurant walked over. He served the noodles but couldn’t find Armand. When he came out, he found Armand was at the door.
Armand said to the owner, “I’ll pay for it.”
Theresa tried to shook him off, but he gripped her tightly, “I’m hungry. Go back with me.”
“You are hungry, just go ahead to eat.” Theresa was still angry.
Armand said with implication, “I want you to be with me.”
“Armand Bernie, do you know how disgusting you are?”
“I’m sorry, Theresa.”
Theresa was quite angry. However, Armand’s sudden apology made her calm down for a few seconds. She gazed at him for a moment. The anger suppressed in her heart faded away in silence. Armand pulled her back to the noodle restaurant and saw the noodle on his table.
The owner was afraid that he would sneak away. Holding the QR code, he urged Armand to pay.
Armand pulled out his cell phone and paid. Then he tossed the phone on the table. Picking up the chopsticks and the bowl, he picked up a piece of beef to Theresa’s mouth, “Eat it.”
Theresa frowned, “I’ve had dinner. I’m not hungry.”
“Just take a bite.” Armand put it closer to her mouth, insisting.
Theresa glared at him, “Are you nuts?”
“You can take me a lunatic.” Armand smiled.
Theresa didn’t want to be stared at by others as if she had something wrong. She opened her mouth and ate the beef from him.
Armand smiled and asked, “Do you want some noodles?”
Theresa glared at him, “If you keep making fun of me, I’ll be mad at you.”
Armand stopped. Lowering his head, he picked up some noodles and pressed them into his mouth. He asked, looking unintentionally, “When you were in City C, did Oscar take very good care of you?”
Theresa didn’t know he was asking her tentatively, so she answered, “Yeah. He’s the elder, so he treats me very well.”
That was the truth, so she didn’t need to lie to him.
Armand still lowered his head, “What about you? Did you take good care of him?”
“He’s good to me, so I should be good to him as well.” Theresa immediately realized that something was wrong, “Why do you suddenly talk about him?”
Armand raised his head and smiled at her, “Nothing. Just asking.”
Theresa looked away, “You’d better hurry up. Don’t talk nonsense.”
Armand had no appetite at all. He said, “Theresa...”
He wanted to tell her if she wanted to find a boyfriend after divorce, he didn’t hope that the man would be Oscar. He was much older than she, and Theresa was still so young. They couldn’t be happy for a long time. He wanted Theresa to find a man of the same age.
Suddenly, his cell phone received a message, which was a piece of location sharing information. Theresa cast a glance at the ID. She was Armand’s client. Armand cast a glance and didn’t pay any attention.
He wanted to continue speaking his unfinished words to Theresa. Theresa asked, “Someone messaged you just now. Don’t you want to have a look?”
Armand took a glance and said, “No need to rush. Theresa, if you want...”
Again, before he could finish his words, a call interrupted him.
Armand frowned. He disliked this call coming at such an inappropriate time. Theresa said, “Go ahead to answer it. Probably it’s something urgent.”
Armand put down the chopsticks. Unwillingly, he picked up the phone and swiped to answer. No one spoke on the other end of the line. He only heard some noises and exclaims. Faintly, he could tell that it was from his client. He looked up at Theresa, “Something might happen to my client.”
Theresa raised her eyebrows, “So?”
Armand stood up and said, “I don’t have time to tell you the details, but I think her husband must be a cornered beast who’s something desperate now.”
Theresa followed him, “I’ll go with you.”
Armand didn’t want her to go with him, afraid that there would be a danger.
“Isn’t your client a woman?” Theresa implied that she was worried about him.
Armand looked at her and suddenly smiled, “Okay, come with me. You can keep an eye on me.”
Theresa retorted, “I’m not keeping an eye on you.”
Armand smile and didn’t speak. There were a lot of cabs in front of the hospital. Soon, they hailed a cab. Armand tabbed the location information that was received just now. The destination was a community. He raised his eyebrows. His client told him that she was staying in a hotel earlier.
The location seemed to be where her house was, as he could remember her registered property record, which was in this community.
Soon, they arrived at their destination. Armand didn’t rush in recklessly alone. Instead, he informed the property management staff and go upstairs with him.
The staff lead Armand and Theresa into the building and asked, “How did you know something happened to this residence?”
Armand said, “I’m a lawyer. The couple staying in this apartment is going to divorce. The wife wants to wipe her husband out. Probably it caused some conflicts.”
The staff understood. Soon they arrived at the door. The staff raised his hand and knocked on it, but there was no response from the inside. The staff kept knocking on the door. After a while, someone answered from the inside, “Who is it?”
“I’m from the property management office. Your neighbour downstairs reported the leaking from your apartment. We want to check your bathroom.”
“We didn’t open the tab. How could there be a leak?” the man refused.
“We need to check the pipes. If you don’t want us to check them, there must be something wrong and you feel guilty. If the neighbour comes upstairs and kicks on your door, you’ll be in trouble. We should avoid making a fuss on such a trifle, right? Please open the door.”
After a moment of silence, the door was opened. The man saw another two persons who were not from the property management office, he became quite alert, “Who are you two?” he asked.
Armand said, “I’m a lawyer. I just received a call from my client. I’m here to meet her.”
“She’s not home!” The man stood at the door, not willing to let them in.
“Let’s take a look if she’s home or not,” said the staff from the property management office.
“Without my permission, if you break into my apartment, I can sue you for trespassing.” The man tried to close the door, but Armand stopped him, “Let me check if she’s home or not.”
“Fuck off!” The man increased his strength and wanted to close the door. The staff of the property management office could tell that this man looked quite guilty. He helped Armand push the door open. The man was bounced a few steps back. He snapped in anger, “Are you having a death wish?”
“Where is your wife?” asked the staff.
Armand looked at the half-closed door of the bedroom and wanted to go over. The man pulled him to stop, “Stop making trouble in my apartment. Get out!”
Armand winked at Theresa. He pressed the man and let her go to the bedroom to check if there’s anyone there.
The staff was also sensible. He blocked the man’s way.
Theresa approached the bedroom and saw a lot of blood. A woman was lying next to the bed in a coma.
She said, “She’s in the bedroom.”
Armand and the staff looked at the man, “Stop lying!”
When the man was arguing with his wife, he had lost his mind. Right then, the fact that he had beaten his wife was disclosed, so he became angry from embarrassment. He pushed the other two men away and got a kitchen knife from the kitchen, “None of you can leave here today!”
Theresa pulled out her cell phone and was about to call the police. The man could tell her intention. He waved the knife at Armand and the staff, rushing to Theresa to grab her phone.
“Watch out, Theresa!” Armand widened his eyes. Theresa raised her head, only to find that the man rushed to her with the kitchen knife.
She was startled. At this critical moment, a black shadow passed by Armand and rushed over. He kicked away the man. The man reacted fast. When he bumped at the bed, he raised the knife and wanted to cut on Theresa’s head. Armand pulled her into his arms. The man cut down so fast that Armand couldn’t run with Theresa. His arm was cut. Right then, the staff from the property management office called another two coworkers on duty. They rushed in together, knocked down the man, and grabbed the knife from his hand.
“It’s my family business. None of your fucking business. Let me go!” the man was still yelling while his face was pressed against the floor.
“We’ve called the police,” said the staff.
Theresa was still frightened. She looked extremely pale because of what had happened just now. Seeing that blood was staining Armand’s white shirt, she returned to her senses, “Are you injured?”
Armand took a look at his arm and frowned slightly, “Nothing. It’s not serious.”
They didn’t know how deep the wound was, but it bled a lot. Soon, half of his sleeve was stained by blood.
“Let’s go to the hospital, Armand.” Theresa was worried about him and felt sorry for him. She pulled the other hand of his.
Right then, the police arrived. The staff from the property management office should have reported that someone was injured on the scene. The medical staff followed in.
#####Chapter 840 Two Days
“Could you please check him up?” Theresa stopped one doctor.
The doctor took a look at her and nodded. He tore open Armand’s sleeve and said indifferently, “The wound needs to be stitched. You should go to the hospital.”
Someone called that there was another injured person inside, so the doctor walked in. It seemed that the woman was injured seriously. The doctor urged other staff to carry her downstairs.
The man was arrest and taken away by the police.
After arriving at the hospital, the woman was sent to the emergency room for rescue. Armand went to the surgical department to deal with his wound. The doctor checked the wound and said he needed more than a dozen stitches. When the doctor was cleaning the wound, Theresa couldn’t watch. She just looked away.
Armand’s wound was dealt with completely after half an hour. Theresa helped him up and asked, “Does it hurt?”
Armand said, “Not at all. I got an anaesthetic.”
The doctor gave him local anaesthesia around his wound. Otherwise, he would suffer when the skin was stitched. He wouldn’t have felt so easy.
“The police has informed your client’s family to come over. Please don’t worry about her,” said Theresa.
Armand looked at her, “I don’t care about her. She’s just my client. Even if something happened to her, it wouldn’t be my responsibility. You worried me. When the man wanted to cut you, why didn’t you know how to dodge?”
She was so freaked out that she stiffed and forgot to react.
“You are always like this. How am I supposed to leave you alone in the future?" said Armand in depression.
Theresa pressed her lips in silence.
A doctor came over. Seeing Armand, he said, “Mr. Bernie, Mrs. Bernie has woken up.”
They were in the same hospital where Elizabeth was in, and the doctor was her chief physician. Elizabeth woke up, but no one was with her, so he was trying to contact Armand.
“I’ll go to her ward now,” said Armand.
“Wait a moment, please. Mr. Bernie, I have something to talk to you about.” The doctor looked solemnly. Armand frowned, “Didn’t you say that her injury wasn’t serious?”
“She’s not in danger, but...” The doctor paused a bit, “Please be prepared.”
“What on earth is wrong with her?” Armand was anxious.
“Mr. Bernie, please calm down.” The doctor said more solemnly, “Here is the thing. Your grandmother’s brain was hurt. When she woke up just now, I went to check up on her. She might be suffering a short-term memory loss.”
“What?” Armand thought that he had misheard something, “Memory loss?”
He couldn’t believe it at all. It only happened in the TV drama. How could it happen in real life?
“I’m not quite certain yet. She has Alzheimer’s disease, so she also has such a symptom. However, she’s possibly got amnesia. We’ll check her up tomorrow to ensure about it.”
“Okay. I see.” Armand grabbed Theresa’s hand, “I...”
“Let’s go to see her first.” Theresa could understand how helpless he was now.
They went to Elizabeth’s ward together. Pushing the door open, they found that Elizabeth was half-lying on the bed. Her head was bandaged. Upon hearing the sound, she looked over. Her dully eyes lit up.
“Please go in. I’ll wait for you outside.” Theresa let go of Armand’s hand. When she turned around, Elizabeth said to her, “Who are you, girl?”
Theresa didn’t look back, keeping walking.
“Hey, I’m talking to you! Don’t ignore me!” Elizabeth snapped, “Let me tell you. Armand is married. Don’t you dare to pester him!”
Armand walked to her, “Grandma...”
“Stop calling me!” Elizabeth snapped to interrupting him, “Theresa has lost her baby because of you. I wonder how she’s doing now. How can you hook up with another woman? Don’t you feel ashamed?”
Theresa was taken aback while standing at the door. She wondered if Elizabeth had truly lost her memories and forgotten who she was.
“Grandma.” Armand walked to the bed and looked at his grandmother, “Because Theresa and I won’t have children, you want us to divorce. Have you forgotten it?”
Elizabeth looked at Armand. Her turbid eyes became confused. Suddenly she said in a deep voice, “Stop talking nonsense! How can I ask you to divorce?”
Armand looked back at Theresa, meeting her gaze. They both were wondering if Elizabeth had truly lost her memories temporarily just like what the doctor said.
Suddenly, Elizabeth pulled Armand’s hand and reminded him seriously, “Armand, we must do things to carry the weight of our conscience. Theresa has lost the baby and was injured because of you. You should be responsible for her and expiate your guilt. You can’t pester with some other girls.”
Armand said OK, “I won’t disappoint Theresa, Grandma.”
“Okay. Send that girl away. When Theresa comes back and sees her, she’ll be upset,” said Elizabeth crossly.
Armand said OK. He walked to Theresa and pulled her to the corridor.
“It seems Grandma can’t recognize you.” Armand couldn’t tell what he was feeling now. He didn’t think it might be a bad thing.
Theresa said, “The doctor said she might have lost some memories, didn’t he?”
Armand nodded. They wanted to wait for the checkup. The next day, Elizabeth had a checkup. According to the brain scan, her memory loss was caused by congestion and nerve compression in the brain. She might recover soon, or she might only remember the previous events and never remember the recent events.
Out of the consultation room, Armand said, ‘Theresa, this might be a good thing.”
Theresa knew what he meant. However, she was still hesitant, “What if she suddenly remembers everything?”
Armand was rendered speechless.
Theresa sat on the bench in the corridor, “Lola has transferred the tailor’s shop in City C to me. I’ll develop my career there from now on. I can’t stay here.”
Armand blurted out, “I can follow you to move to City C.”
Theresa looked up at him, “What about your career?”
Armand walked to her and squatted down. He took her hand and said, “If you’re willing to, I can give up everything. I can take my grandmother and move to City C with you.”
Armand’s suggestion came so suddenly. Theresa couldn’t decide at all.
“Honestly, after you left City B, I went to see you in secret. That day, you dressed up so beautifully. You were talking to Oscar while smiling at him. When I saw you guys, I felt quite upset. I’ve been trying to convince myself that as long as you are happy, I’ll be satisfied. But... I can’t let go of you at all.” He stared at her deeply, “You can’t let go of me either, can you?”
“You’d better figure out how you can tell your grandmother I’m Theresa. I’ll give you two days. If you can resolve it, I’ll agree. I’ve fallen for you twice already...”
Armand covered her months, “Don’t speak anything ominous. I’ve brought so much trouble to you. I must compensate you.”
In the following two days, Armand kept convincing his grandmother, telling her that the girl who was walking hand-in-hand with him was Theresa, but Elizabeth refused to believe him.
Armand told her what Theresa had experienced.
Elizabeth’s memory stopped in the period when Theresa was injured and left. Armand said everything reasonable, so Elizabeth believed him finally although she was still a bit confused.
Armand transferred his case to another lawyer in the firm. Now it was under processing. The husband cheated on his wife and beat her, causing the miscarriage of the baby. Hence, the divorce was certain. The man was wiped out and needed to bear legal responsibility.
Armand let the servant take care of Elizabeth at home first. He went to City C with Theresa to buy a house.
Theresa was afraid that he was doing it recklessly as he dumped everything in City B and moved to City C, “Have you truly made up your mind, Armand?” she asked.
She didn’t want him to regret it in the future.
Armand said affirmatively, “As long as we can be together, I’m fine with staying anywhere.”
Before moving to City C, he went to see Matthew, telling him that he had decided to move to City C. He wasn’t asking Matthew for his opinions but just informing him.
Matthew agreed with him. He has his own intention - Oscar had a young mind, but he was getting old. JK Group, which Oscar was in charge of now, belonged to Dolores, so Oscar couldn’t be in charge forever. In the future, someone must take it over from him.
Right now, Matthew didn’t have any trusted helpers. If Armand moved to City C, this problem could be resolved smoothly. Besides, there was also a textile mill. Kevin couldn’t go back there for the time being. Besides, Kevin was also getting old. Someone else needed to take it over in the future for sure.
If Armand settled down in City C, all those problems could be resolved.
Matthew also had another thought, but he would decide after discussing it with Dolores.
#####Chapter 841 Their Thoughts
“You better not regret what you’ve said,” said Theresa. She was worried that things would return to how it was before once Armand’s grandmother woke up.
Armand hugged Theresa and said, “I won’t”
And he will prove it to Theresa.
“Come take a nap in my arms,” Armand stroked Theresa’s face, but she pushed his hands away. She didn’t like Armand to goof around regardless of the occasion.
Armand acted like he was in pain as he pretended that Theresa had touched his wound. Theresa immediately looked nervous, “Did I touch your wounds?”
“Yeah,” Armand nodded.
Theresa felt guilty as she was why Armand got injured. It needed more than ten stitches to seal his wound. How would it be healed in just two days? “Come, let me have a look.”
Theresa wanted to see if Armand was still bleeding.
Armand said, “I’m fine. Let me lean on you.”
Theresa soon realized, “You’re pretending it?”
Armand quickly shook his head, “No, my wound is here. Why would I pretend?”
“Did I touch your wound?” Theresa purposely pressed on Armand’s wound. It really hurt this time. Armand moaned a little.
 Theresa didn’t press too hard. She scolded Armand a little, “Lie to me again, and you shall die in pain.”
Armand leaned on Theresa’s shoulder, “You’d let me?”
“Why not? I wanted you dead,” Theresa purposely answered rudely and unreasonably.
Armand laughed and whispered to Theresa, “I’d die in your hands.”
Theresa glared at Armand, “Why can’t you stop joking around?”
Armand blinked his eyes and said, “Fine. I’ll go back to sleep now then.”
Armand was telling the truth. Why did Theresa think he was joking around?
Well, since Theresa didn’t like it, then he might as well go back to sleep.
Theresa nodded and said, “Sleep.”
Armand and Theresa arrived in City C three hours later. Oscar got Theresa’s call earlier, and he knew she was coming back to City C today. So, he waited in the arrival hall for Theresa way before their flight arrived.
Oscar wasn’t wearing the colourful shirt he used to wear every day. He even had less than three colours in his entire outfit. It was a minimalistic look for Oscar.
Oscar was stunned when he saw Theresa and Armand walked out of the arrival hall together. Theresa told him that she was having a divorce when she left. It was the second time Theresa and Armand split up. Oscar thought Theresa and Armand were going to break up for good. He didn’t expect to see Theresa and Armand come back to City C together.
Oscar would never let Theresa know that he had a thing for her if Theresa didn’t tell him that she was having a divorce with Armand.
After all, Oscar was way older than Theresa.
Oscar was a little lost.
“Uncle,” Theresa waved at Oscar when she saw him standing at the entrance.
Oscar hid his embarrassment with a cough, and then he smiled at Theresa, “You’re back.”
Perhaps it was Armand’s sixth sense. He felt that Oscar was uncomfortable. Well, perhaps Theresa was the reason why.
Armand had doubts that Oscar might have a thing for Theresa earlier. He confirmed his doubts now.
“Uncle,” Armand reached out his hand, “Thanks for taking care of Theresa when she was here.”
Oscar shook Armand’s hand, “It’s my job as an elder.”
“I need to thank you for helping me to take care of her,” Armand emphasized the word ‘helping me’.
“The car’s outside. Let’s go,” Oscar walked in front of Theresa and Armand.
Armand held Theresa’s hand and followed Oscar.
“Why are you holding my hand so tight?” Theresa wanted to get her hand out of Armand’s.
Armand subconsciously did that. He was afraid that somebody might take Theresa away from him. He loosened up and apologized, “I didn’t do that on purpose.”
Armand helped to put their luggage on the boot when they arrived at the car. Theresa was already sitting in the car when Armand got into it.
Oscar said, “Let’s go grab a bite.”
“Sure,” Theresa replied, “You have a good taste in choosing restaurants.”
It was because Oscar always brought Theresa to good restaurants when she was here earlier.
“Hey uncle, why didn’t you wear your colourful shirt today?” Theresa suddenly noticed what Oscar was wearing today. Oscar used to love colourful shirts, but today, he was wearing a white shirt and a grey casual coat.
Oscar held tight on the steering wheel, “I’ve changed my preference.”
Armand pretended that he didn’t see Oscar’s nervousness. He told Theresa that he felt tired, then he leaned on Theresa’s shoulder to rest.
Theresa didn’t notice what these two men were thinking. She continued, “You’ve loved your colourful shirts for all your life. Why the sudden change? I’ve been asking you to change your habit of wearing a colourful shirt for so long, but you insisted. What’s the trigger?”
#####Chapter 842 A Different Future
Oscar didn’t dare to look around at all. He didn’t dare to look at Theresa with Armand watching. He was afraid that Armand would find out that he had a thing for Theresa.
It would be a shame to let people know that he fell in love with a young girl at Oscar’s age.
“It’s no news,” Oscar tried his best to come out with an excuse, “Just like how some people didn’t like spicy food at first, then they fell in love with it out of a sudden. Preference changes.”
In fact, Oscar didn’t change his preference. He changed because Theresa told him that he didn’t look good in colourful shirts. Oscar didn’t dare to let Theresa know that he liked her, but when he learned that Theresa was going to have a divorce, he wanted to change for her. Who knew…
Oscar regretted.
“Should I send you back?” asked Oscar.
“I thought you said we’re going to grab a bite?” Theresa was confused.
Oscar was stunned, and then he replied in an embarrassed manner, “I remembered that I have something to attend to. Ask Armand to bring you to eat if you’re hungry.”
Oscar would be nice to Theresa and take care of her if Armand wasn’t here, but now that Armand was here, there were things that Oscar shouldn’t do.
Theresa smiled and said, “Armand isn’t familiar with the area. You are. Please recommend some nice restaurant to us.”
Oscar then gave Theresa some restaurant names and told her, “These restaurants are nice.”
“Thanks, uncle,” Theresa thanked Oscar.
Oscar remained silent.
Oscar drove away after he dropped Theresa and Armand at their place.
At City B…
In the Nelsons’ Mansion…
The whole family moved into the Nelsons’ Mansion from the villa. All the empty rooms were taken, and they fitted exactly the numbers of the Nelson family members.
Jayden insisted that he didn’t want to stay in the hospital. Old people were always stubborn. The Nelson family had no choice but to ask Jayden’s doctor to come to the old manor for Jayden’s body check.
Matthew didn’t go to the office these few days. Dolores didn’t ask Matthew about his arrangements. She knew Matthew wasn’t in the mood to handle anything at work. Matthew had some other thoughts in mind.
Matthew walked the doctor out of the house after the doctor had completed Jayden’s body check. The doctor told Matthew, “He’s getting worse. We couldn’t even operate on him now, even if he wanted it. We can only stick to the hormone therapy and try our best to extend his time.”
Matthew looked worried, “Please, do whatever you can. The old folk is stubborn. He didn’t want to go to the hospital at all.”
The doctor said, “Do anything as he pleased. What’s the point of getting a few months extra if he’s not happy at all?”
The doctor had seen so many cases of life and death. He was used to it already. It is a matter of the utmost importance for a patient to feel happy. The doctor can only try his best to extend a patient’s time.
“Don’t worry. I’ll do my best,” the doctor was used to life and death, but the family of the patient wasn’t. They always wanted to stay with their family as long as possible.
It was a norm as a human.
“I’ll come again tomorrow,” said the doctor. He then got into the car and left the place. Matthew stood by the roadside for a while before he returned to the house.
Dolores was carrying Joshua in the living room. She was trying to lull him to sleep.
Matthew took Joshua away from Dolores and said, “Come with me. I have something to tell you.”
Then, Matthew carried Joshua upstairs and went into their room, and Dolores followed. She shut the door and asked, “What is it?”
Matthew sat Dolores down beside the bed.
He told Dolores, “Our son looks like you.”
Dolores felt that Matthew was strange today. She didn’t say anything. Dolores knew Matthew had something else to tell her.
But Matthew remained silent for a very long time.
Dolores held Matthew’s hand, “We’re a couple. You can tell me anything you want. There’s no need to play riddle between us.”
Matthew looked at Dolores, and there was a flash of reluctance in his eyes for a second. Soon, it went away and was nowhere to be seen. “Armand told me that he’s going to stay in City C with Theresa.”
Dolores clenched her fists. She figured out what Matthew would probably say. Dolores leaned on Matthew’s shoulder and said, “I have something to tell you, but I never got the chance. Theresa…she couldn’t have her own child. If we send Joshua to her, she’s going to take good care of him.”
Dolores knew Matthew didn’t know how to put it in words for her. Looking at the whole situation, it was the best choice to send Joshua to Theresa and Armand, but it was a hard decision.
Dolores knew Matthew well enough to read his mind.
“He is a Lennon. Uncle had given me all his shares in JK, and I planned to transfer all the shares to Joshua. It’d be good…if he lives in City C. Armand and Theresa had been through so much. It’s a shame that they couldn’t have their own child. If they have a child, they’ll get to enjoy some blissful family time.”
Dolores slowly looked up, “Uncle’s still energetic now, but he couldn’t help me to take care of the company for long. He’ll have to pass it to somebody someday. If we send Joshua to Armand, he’s going to take good care of him.”
Matthew held Dolores’ hand. She spoke out what he wanted to tell her. Dolores was always sensitive. She knew what Matthew was thinking even before he said it out loud.
“We can’t close down the textile factory. It’s the family business of the Forbis family. Now, uncle wanted to keep father accompanied.  We needed someone there to take care of stuff. It’s the best choice for Armand to stay in City C. Plus, we have Amanda and Andrew by our side.”
Dolores stared at Matthew and said, “Let’s send Joshua to Theresa and Armand.”
Matthew lowered his head and looked at Joshua. Joshua was asleep. He looked so much like Dolores.
“They say it’s a blessing for a boy to look like his mother. He is blessed to have so many people who love him,” Dolores stroked Joshua’s face.
Dolores felt reluctant to send Joshua away, but she knew Joshua was meant to have a different future from Amanda and Andrew, starting from the moment when Joshua became a Lennon. Joshua carried so much more on his shoulder.
#####Chapter 843 Are You Pregnant?
Amanda and Andrew got back from school at night. Amanda sat beside Jayden’s bed and folded a paper crane with a piece of colour paper, “Our art teacher taught us this.”
“Yeah?” Jayden stroked Amanda’s hair, “Did you master it?”
“Not yet. Our teacher’s is nicer,” Amanda looked concentrated in folding her paper crane.
“I believe you’re going to master it.”
Amanda looked up and said, “Grandpa, I’m going to fold a lot of these.”
“Why?” asked Jayden.
Jayden was leaning on the bedside. He looked pale and weak.
“Legend has it that if we fold a thousand paper cranes with all our heart, it will bring blessing and good luck for the person we love. I wanted to give you a thousand paper cranes so that you’d recover faster.” Amanda said earnestly.
Jayden felt warm. Amanda had been getting better at making people happy, “Where did you hear it from? Don’t learn all these nonsenses.”
“Our art teacher told us when she taught us how to fold paper cranes. Is she teaching nonsense? Then, I won’t listen to her, and I’m not going to do my homework anymore.” Amanda was smart. Jayden said in a loving tone, “No, I was wrong. It’s not nonsenses.”
Amanda blinked her eyes and looked at Jayden earnestly, “Grandpa, I’ll pray hard for your fast recovery.”
Jayden had nothing that he couldn’t let go of. Three of his grandsons were his only concern. Victoria wanted to see them going to school and Victoria giving birth when she was alive, but she didn’t get to see all of these events.
“I’ll go hand hang it up,” Amanda used a thin thread to hang the paper cranes onto the curtain.
Dolores walked in with Joshua in her arms. She quickly came to help Amanda when she saw her stepping on the chair to hang the paper cranes onto the curtain, “Be careful.”
“I’m fine. I’m all grown up,” Amanda got down and asked Dolores, “Mommy, did you bring Joshua to come and see grandpa?”
Dolores nodded, “Yes, your little brother misses his grandpa.”
“Hey,” Amanda pinched Joshua’s cheek, “His cheeks are soft.”
Dolores patted away Amanda’s hand, “Don’t pinch his cheek. He’ll drool all over.”
Amanda pouted and left the room.
Amanda saw Matthew when she walked out of the room and was about to shut the door. She called Matthew in a sweet tone, “Daddy.”
Matthew answered her and said, “Go play with your brother in the living hall.”
“I don’t want to play with him. He’s a bore,” Amanda then headed back into her room.
Andrew was a clever child. There were only two people in the house who didn’t know what was going on with Jayden- Amanda and Joshua. Andrew felt sad. He used to be a quiet person, and now he didn’t even want to speak at all.
Amanda said Andrew was acting to be mature.
Andrew ignored Amanda’s comment.
Matthew shut the door and walked towards Jayden’s bed. He pulled a chair over and sat beside Dolores.
Jayden didn’t like to carry Joshua after he got sick. Jayden’s illness wasn’t contagious, but he still felt worried that the bacteria on him would affect Joshua’s health.
Joshua was so tiny, and he had weak immunity.
“Why did you bring him here. Stay away from me,” Jayden stopped Dolores.
Dolores said, “Matthew and I have something to tell you.”
“What is it?”
Jayden looked at Matthew.
“Matthew and I have decided to send Joshua to Armand and Theresa. They’ll adopt him,” said Dolores.
Jayden looked down for a while. Then, he looked at Joshua. Jayden said, “He’s your child. You should make the decision. I’ve no comment.”
Jayden reached out his hand, and Joshua caught his finger immediately. Then, Joshua laughed.
“It’s for the best.”
Jayden was ill, but he knew better. He understood why Matthew and Dolores made that decision.
“You’re their only daughter. Joshua took your father’s surname, and he’s going to take over your family business. It’s a good thing. I didn’t get to meet them when they were alive, but I could help you to give them a message if I meet them in the afterlife.”
Jayden sounded soft and weak.
Gloominess filled the air in the room, especial when Matthew and Dolores heard the last sentence Jayden said.  They chatted for a while until Jayden told them that he felt tired. Dolores and Matthew then left the room for Jayden to rest.
In the middle of the night, Dolores turned over, and she found out that the other side of the bed was empty. Dolores opened her eyes, and she saw a man standing on the balcony through the sheer curtains. Dolores got off the bed, wore her slipper and took a jacket over to the balcony. She put the jacket on Matthew’s shoulder, “Why weren’t you in the bed?”
Dolores could see Matthew’s face under the soft moonlight. He had a complicated look on his face.
Matthew took off the jacket and put it on Dolores. He held her hands and said, “I can’t sleep. Keep me accompany, please.”
Dolores promised Matthew. They stood at the balcony without saying anything. They were showering by the moonlight.
“You felt reluctant to send Joshua away?” Dolores looked at Matthew, “If you like kids, we can have another one in the future.”
Matthew held Dolores’ hand tightly and said, “You can’t afford to have another one. I don’t need another child. Andrew and Amanda are enough for me. They’re our firstborn. I’ve no regret.”
Having a boy and a girl was already the best thing that happened to them.
“I know what you did was for me. You agreed with Joshua to take the surname of Lennon, and allowed him to take over JK was to keep my family business running. So that everyone would still remember my family,” Dolores looked down and stroked the back of Matthew’s hand, “Getting Armand and Theresa to adopt Joshua would only add them to the list of the people who love Joshua. It’s not a bad thing.”
It was always easier to say than done.
“Let’s go back to bed,” Matthew led Dolores back into the room.
It was hard for Matthew to fall asleep even when he laid on the bed. Things about Joshua and Jayden kept lingering in his mind.
There was another person who couldn’t sleep as well.
Jasmine kept feeling nauseous these days. She didn’t have much food for dinner, yet, she felt nauseous. Jasmine wanted to try vomiting, but it won’t work. The nauseous feeling kept lingering, and she couldn’t sleep with it.
Jasmine went to a clinic earlier in the morning. The reason why she didn’t go to the hospital was that there was always a long queue in the hospital. Plus, she was hired as an intern by a company, and she can’t be late for her job, or they might deduct her salary. Furthermore, it would also leave a bad impression on her for being late for work.
There weren’t many people in the clinic this early.
Jasmine told the doctor about her symptoms, “I’m feeling nauseous these days, but I wasn’t vomiting. I also have a loss of appetite, and I didn’t feel like eating.”
The doctor asked, “Have you experience this before?”
Jasmine shook her head, “I’ve always been healthy.”
“Have you stay up late lately?” asked the doctor.
“No.”
“It might be the nauseous and loss of appetite caused by Gastroenteritis,” the doctor said, “I’ll give you some meds.”
Jasmine replied, “Sure. Thanks, doctor.”
The doctor prescribed a few kinds of medicines for Jasmine, and she stuffed them into her bag. She bought a cup of warm soymilk on the way to the office and took medicines with it.
Jasmine wasn’t late to work.
Jasmine just started her internship, and she got assigned some simple tasks like photocopying documents and pasting forms. However, she didn’t feel better after taking the medicines.
Jasmine thought maybe it was because she just took the medicines, and it hadn’t taken effect on her yet. So, she continued to take those medicines after lunch.
Jasmine’s condition didn’t get any better in the evening when she got off work. Elaine called her to invite her to dinner.
Jasmine felt exhausted after a long day of work. She didn’t feel like going. Elaine said, “You’re not my best friend if you don’t come.”
Jasmine sighed. She knew Elaine well. Jasmine had no choice but to go, or Elaine won’t be talking to her for quite some time.
“The noodles here are nice,” Jasmine and Elaine met in front of their school. Elaine held Jasmine’s hand and walked to a restaurant.
“I haven’t been here for quite some time,” Elaine pulled Jasmine into the restaurant and told the boss, “I want two bowls of noodles and a pancake.”
“Sure. Just a moment.”
After a while, the boss served them with two bowls of noodles. The noodles were thin. It had some shredded potato, thin-sliced beef, coriander and shallots. It became a delicious and fragrant bowl of noodles after pouring in the hot soup.
Elaine was almost drooling, “Ah, it’s so tempting.”
Jasmine used to love the noodles here. The fragrant bowl of soup, the noodles and the pancake were all delicious together. However, Jasmine didn’t feel like eating them at all.
Elaine got some sliced beef and noodles into her mouth. It was such a satisfaction to be able to eat something she liked. She felt blessed.
“Jasmine, why aren’t you eating?” Elaine took a bite on the pancake and asked Jasmine when her mouth was stuffed with food.
Jasmine replied, “I don’t feel well. Loss of appetite.”
Elaine swallowed her food and asked again, “What’s wrong?”
“Nauseous. It didn’t get better even after I took medicine,” Jasmine covered her chest out of a sudden. She was feeling nauseous again.
Elaine widened her eyes, “Jasmine, you’re feeling nauseous? Are you pregnant?”
#####Chapter 844 Feeling Herself Like a Fool
Jasmine was stunned. She never expected it at all.
Jasmine started to look forward to Elaine’s suggestion, but at the same time, she felt like it was impossible. Jasmine went to see a doctor, but the doctor didn’t ask her anything about being pregnant.
Plus, she took medicines for her nausea.
Jasmine became a little panicked when she thought of the medicine she took. What if she was really pregnant?
Jasmine lost her appetite even more.
Elaine helped Jasmine to finish her food. She insisted on not wasting food.
Jasmine was still feeling woozy after the meal. They walked out of the restaurant, and Elaine went back to the hostel at school. Jasmine stood by the roadside and grabbed a cab.
Jasmine didn’t even realize when the cab stopped in front of the gate of her apartment. The driver reminded Jasmine, “Hi Miss, we’ve arrived.”
Jasmine then only recovered from the overwhelmed feeling. She paid for the cab and got off the car.
Jasmine walked into the lobby and got to the level of her unit. She realized the door was unlocked when she was about to take out her key to open the door. Jasmine remembered that she had locked the door before she went out. Why was it unlocked?
Jasmine opened the door, and she saw Boyce’s luggage at the entrance. Her first reaction was to confirm if Boyce was back.
Jasmine quickly walked into the house. She saw Boyce was talking to somebody over the phone on the balcony. Boyce answered the person over the phone, “Sure. I’ll be there on time tomorrow.”
The person on the other side of the phone said something again. Boyce agreed with it. Then, he hung up the phone and placed the phone on the side table. After that, Boyce hung the last piece of cloth on the drying rack. Those were the clothes Boyce wore when he was at the outstation. Boyce didn’t wash it until he came home. So, he hung the clothes on the drying rack after washing them in the washing machine.
“You’re back,” Jasmine stood behind him and asked with a hoarse voice.
Boyce turned around and saw Jasmine stood behind him with a pair of red eyes. He walked over and asked, “What’s wrong?”
Jasmine hugged him, “You didn’t tell me that you’re coming back.”
Boyce came back out of a sudden. It wasn’t the initial date Boyce said he was coming back, and he didn’t inform Jasmine that he was going to come back early.
“My job’s done there. So, I came back early,” said Boyce.
“Do you still need to leave?” Jasmine placed her cheek on Boyce’s chest.
“No,” Boyce patted Jasmine’s back and asked, “What’s wrong? You didn’t seem to be happy.”
“No, I’m happy. It’s the internship. I’m feeling a little exhausted at work,” Jasmine didn’t dare to tell Boyce that she might be pregnant. She hadn’t gone to the hospital for a check-up. She wasn’t sure if she was pregnant.  
Jasmine planned to take leave tomorrow to go to the hospital to avoid any misunderstanding.
“It’ll get better,” Boyce consoled Jasmine, but she didn’t feel related.
Jasmine let go of Boyce, “I feel tired. I’m going to bed.”
“Have you eaten? Let’s go and grab a bite.”
“I’ve had dinner,” Jasmine put down her purse and walked into the room.
Boyce had a strange feeling that something wasn’t right with Jasmine, but Jasmine told him that it was because of the internship that just started. So, he didn’t dig into it.
Boyce poured a glass of water and walked into the room after a while. Jasmine was already lying on the bed. Boyce sat beside the bed and put the glass of water on the side table. He told Jasmine, “Quit the job if you’re feeling exhausted. I’ll take care of you.”
Jasmine turned over and looked at Boyce. Boyce stroked her face and said, “You don’t look good.”
“You’ve told me that only the successful ones can help more people. I won’t give up. I’m not feeling sick of my work. I’m just…not in the mood.”
Jasmine held Boyce’s hand, “Well, you’ve grown up. You could read the emotions on my face.”
Boyce felt speechless.
Was that praise?
“So, what’s bothering you?” asked Boyce.
“Stop asking. I’m tired. I really need to go back to bed,” Jasmine let go of Boyce’s hand and tucked herself in. She even hid her face in the blanket, “Don’t talk to me anymore. I need to sleep.”
Boyce nodded. He let Jasmine go back to bed this time.
Jasmine said she was tired, but she couldn’t sleep at all. She was still awake when Boyce went to bed.
Jasmine only fell asleep late midnight.
Jasmine woke up early morning to make breakfast for Boyce, but she didn’t eat anything. She told Boyce that she had to rush to work and left the house quickly.
In fact, Jasmine didn’t go to work. Instead, she took emergency leave and went to the hospital.
It was already two hours later after the registration and lining up. Jasmine got into the consultation room and told the doctor her symptoms.
The doctor jotted down what Jasmine said, and then he asked her, “Do you have a boyfriend?”
Jasmine answered, “I’m married.”
The doctor raised his head and took a look at Jasmine. He told Jasmine, “You should go for an ultrasound.”
Jasmine nodded.
Jasmine got the result of the ultrasound around noon.
The result showed that she was at the early stage of pregnancy of a baby.
Jasmine was happy and worried at the same time. She handed the result to the doctor and asked, “I’ve taken some medicine. Would it affect my baby?”
The doctor asked, “What did you take?”
Jasmine was well-prepared. She showed the doctor the medicine she took yesterday. One of the Anti-inflammatory medicine wasn’t good for the baby.
The doctor asked again, “How long did you take these?”
“Just one day,” answered Jasmine.
“It’s not long, but this medicine is prohibited for pregnant mothers.”
“So, I can’t keep the baby?” Jasmine was down and upset.
She felt dumb.
Jasmine didn’t expect this to happen. After all, Boyce and Jasmine only slept together twice, and now she was pregnant. It must be from the first time they slept together. However, Jasmine didn’t expect the baby to come so soon.
“It’s not necessary. If you’ve decided to keep the baby, then be sure to go for regular check-ups to prevent the baby from deformities. You can decide not to keep the baby if it shows any signs of deformities by then. But of course, you can also decide not to keep the baby now if you’re afraid of the risk.”
Jasmine understood what the doctor meant, but she can’t decide by herself. She had to let Boyce know.
Jasmine gave Boyce a call once she walked out of the hospital.
#####Chapter 845 It Wasn’t Your Fault
The call went through, but no one picked up.
Jasmine didn’t hang up immediately. She waited until the answering machine said, “The number you’ve dialled is unavailable. Please try again later.”
Jasmine kept her phone away and gazed into space at the staircase. She blamed herself for it. It was her ignorant that caused what happened today.  
Sadness filled Jasmine’s heart, and her eyes went red.
Jasmine didn’t notice how long she had been sitting on the stairs. Her phone buzzed in her hand. Jasmine looked down and saw that it was Boyce. She had so many things to tell him at first, but now, she didn’t know how to tell him what happened.
Jasmine sniffled and tried to adjust her emotions. Then, she took the call. Boyce asked, “What’s taking so long?”
Jasmine remained silent.
Boyce reacted quickly. He asked, “Are you mad because I didn’t pick up your call? My phone was in the office, and I went out for a meeting. I immediately call you back when I saw your missed call.”
“I wasn’t mad at you. I’m mad at myself,” Jasmine looked down, “What time are you coming home today?”
“I might come home late tonight. I won’t be back for dinner. I’m having a gathering with my colleagues tonight,” Boyce got promoted. So, his colleagues wanted to treat him to a meal.
Boyce can’t refuse their offer.
“I’ll wait for you,” Jasmine pouted, “I’ve something to tell you tonight.”
Boyce said, “Alright.”
“Go back to work. I’m hanging up,” Jasmine hung up the phone after that.
Jasmine got herself together and left the hospital.
Jasmine waited for Boyce to come home since six o’clock in the evening, and Boyce only got back home at eleven o’clock at night. Boyce was wearing a shirt, and his uniform was on his shoulder. He pushed open the door.
Jasmine was sitting on the couch and curled up. She turned around when she heard the door opened. Jasmine could see Boyce’s face was flushing red under the dim lights. She walked over in slipper and got nearer to Boyce. Jasmine could smell the smell of alcohol on Boyce.
Jasmine frowned, “You had drinks?”
“A little. My colleagues insisted. I had to,” said Boyce.
Jasmine helped Boyce to hang his uniform. Then, she helped him to get to the couch. Boyce said, “I’m not drunk. Didn’t you have something to tell me?”
Jasmine handed Boyce a glass of water.
Boyce took a sip and placed the glass on the table. He asked, “What did you want to tell me?”
Jasmine stared at him.
Boyce held Jasmine’s hand and told her, “Jasmine, I got promoted.”
Jasmine would usually hug Boyce, looked at him in an adoring look and tell him, “Congratulations.”
But Jasmine couldn’t do that now.
“What’s wrong?” Jasmine used to be lively. Boyce felt uneasy with the sudden attitude change, “You’re mad because I came home late?”
Boyce would check and see if he did anything wrong when he saw Jasmine unhappy.
Boyce kept thinking, and coming home late was the only possible answer to why Jasmine looked unhappy.
Jasmine shook her head, “No.”
“Then it’s because I had a few drinks? It’s my colleagues…”
“Boyce,” Jasmine stopped Boyce, “I…I…”
It should be happy news, but Jasmine ruined it.
“What’s wrong?” Boyce reached out his hand and hugged Jasmine.
Jasmine stayed in Boyce’s arms and asked him in a hoarse voice, “Will you forgive me if I did anything wrong?”
“Sure,” Boyce kissed Jasmine’s forehead.
“I…I’m pregnant,” Jasmine got up her nerves to tell Boyce what happened.
Boyce wasn’t really paying attention, “Pregnant with what?”
Jasmine grasped Boyce’s shirt and bit her lips, “I’m pregnant with your child.”
Boyce was stunned by the surprise. Boyce didn’t have the time to think about what he heard, and he couldn’t even start to describe how he felt now.
Boyce asked carefully and softly, “When did it happen?”
Then, Boyce hugged Jasmine tightly. He seemed overwhelmed, “You’re pregnant! I’m going to be a father!”
It was a piece of surprising news. Boyce couldn’t control his emotions, “Jasmine, I’m so happy.”
Boyce didn’t know how to start describing his happiness.
Jasmine suddenly started crying in his arms.
Boyce was startle, “Why are you crying?”
Then, Boyce started wiping off Jasmine’s tears.
Jasmine cried even harder. She choked with sobs, “I’ve taken some medicines.”
Boyce was confused, “What medicine?”
Jasmine looked at Boyce with her teary eyes, “I…I didn’t know I was pregnant. I wasn’t feeling well, so I went to a clinic. The doctor said I had Gastroenteritis, and he gave me some medicines. I’ve taken them, but it didn’t get any better after a day. So, I went to the hospital the next day. The doctor told me that I’m pregnant after some check-ups. But the medicines I’ve taken…”
Boyce took a few deep breaths and tried to calm himself down, “Why didn’t you go to the hospital in the first place?”
“It was troublesome…”
Suddenly, Boyce stood up. The good news and the bad news came too quickly. He needed some time to digest them. Boyce was usually quiet and calm, but he was pacing back and forth in front of the couch now. Jasmine thought Boyce was angry. She can’t help but kept crying.
Jasmine was shaking. She kept sobbing, “It’s all my fault.”
Boyce looked at Jasmine, and Jasmine was heartbroken. He sat back on the couch and hugged her in his arms, “It’s alright. It’s going to be fine. It’s not your fault.”
Jasmine was young. She didn’t mean for this to happen.
“It is,” Jasmine blamed herself.
“We’ll go to the hospital tomorrow and see what the doctor’s going to say,” Boyce wiped away Jasmine’s tears, “Don’t cry.”
#####Chapter 846 The Quack
Jasmine sniffled, feeling guilty. She would hate herself for the rest of her life if she couldn't have this baby.
Boyce picked her up off the couch, "It's late. Go to bed."
In fact, Boyce was not as calm as he appeared, but he didn't show it in front of Jasmine. If he had panicked, Jasmine would have been even more upset.
Jasmine's eyelashes were wet, "Don’t you blame me?"
She couldn't read Boyce's mind. The fact that he was so calm after his brief agitation made her very uneasy. She wondered what his true thoughts were like.
Boyce was patient and said, "I don't blame you, really."
He blamed himself. He had left right after they got married, leaving Jasmine alone. It was normal for her to be less than thoughtful sometimes. He really didn't blame her.
No matter whether he could have the baby or not, he didn't blame Jasmine. He blamed himself instead, feeling that he hadn't taken care of her.
She had married him at such a young age and he hadn't given her anything.
It was his fault.
He held Jasmine in his arms as she lay in bed and comforted her, "If we can't keep this baby, we can only say we don't have the destiny."
Jasmine nestled under the quilt and didn't say a word, except that the guilt and unease inside her didn't stop.
Neither of them slept soundly that night, but both of them pretended to sleep well.
In the morning, the two ate breakfast as if they were comforting each other, but in fact, both ate tastelessly.
"I'll take you to the hospital," Boyce said as he put on his uniform.
Jasmine nodded. Her eyes were a little swollen, which was probably because she had cried yesterday and hadn't rested well.
After she was dressed, she went out with Boyce. The two got into the car. Boyce started the car while the phone in his pocket rang.
He pressed the answer button and a voice came on the other end of the line, saying that he should come over, that someone from the government had an assignment for them. It was Boyce's first assignment since his promotion, and it was important to him. He had to do more than just get it done, but do it beautifully.
"I'll be there later," Boyce said.
"How is that going to work? You've only just been promoted, and you're not there when someone from the government comes. What must they be speculating about you in their minds then?"
"I ..."
"Why don't you go back to the police officer and I'll wait for you at the hospital?" Jasmine interrupted him. She knew he was busy, so she understood.
Boyce said, "I definitely have to stay with you today."
Jasmine pursed her lips and said, "Then you take me to the police officer. I'll wait until you're done and then we'll go to the hospital together."
She'd taken the day off anyway.
Boyce thought about it for a moment. If he left Jasmine alone at home, she would inevitably be lost in various fancies and conjectures. So he said, "All right. I'll get it done as soon as I can."
So Boyce drove to the police officer. There were quite a few people in the lobby as if they were working on some case. Boyce took Jasmine back to his office and told her to stay inside and not to wander off.
Jasmine said, "I won't interrupt your work."
They had to meet the people from the government in the conference room. He and Bruno went to the conference room to get ready.
Jasmine pulled out her phone to check if the baby could be kept if the pregnant woman was on medication. She found out that some medicines were okay and some were stronger and deadly.
Knock, knock, knock…
There was a knock on the door. Jasmine put her phone down and turned her head towards the closed door. At that moment, the door rang twice more. She walked over and opened the door.
A man in uniform stood at the door with his hat in his hand. Seeing Jasmine, he smiled and asked, "Where's Officer Shawn?"
Jasmine said, "I'm not really sure. Is there something you want with him?"
The man nodded, "Yes. We got a case a while back and we've got it all figured out. I've come to submit the relevant documents to Officer Shawn. There's still the final process to go through."
Jasmine saw the pile of papers he was holding and said, "Why don't you leave it here? I'll tell him when he gets back?"
The man thought for a moment, "It's a bit urgent. The man is still here. I'll go and find Officer Shawn."
Jasmine said, "That's fine."
The man took the things and left, and as Jasmine was about to close the door, she saw a handcuffed man come out of a room in the corridor to the inside.
His face flashed past her, and Jasmine felt as if she had seen him somewhere before. She soon remembered that this was the clinic doctor who had treated her.
She walked over to him, fearing that she had been mistaken.
She walked out of the house while the man was escorted to the car. Jasmine got a good look as she ran over, and grabbed the doctor, "Quack!"
Soon Jasmine was pulled away by the police officer.
Jasmine was too excited, "You must put him in jail. No, shoot him. People like him only harm others!"
"You know him?" A police officer pulled Jasmine aside.
Jasmine nodded, "He's treated me."
"So that's it." The police officer knew why she was so agitated and said, "Are you okay?"
Jasmine said, "I'm fine."
"Okay. It's good that you're okay." He pointed to the people in the hall, "Look at those people in the hall. They're all family members of people who are dead because of him."
Jasmine's face instantly went pale. Dead?
"What, what's going on?" Jasmine asked incoherently.
She was so shocked!
As the police officer was about to say something to Jasmine, Boyce walked over with the man who had approached him, "What's going on?"
Jasmine leaned over to Boyce and pointed at the handcuffed doctor as she said, "This man! This is the quack who treated me."
Boyce turned his head to look at her.
Jasmine said with certainty, "That's him. I can't be mistaken."
Boyce said, "I know. You go in." He took Jasmine's hand and said to the escorting officer, "Take him away."
With that, he pulled Jasmine back into his office.
"Take a look." Boyce showed her the case file.
Jasmine looked up at him and reached out to take it.
#####Chapter 847 Avenge Him in the Name of Public Interests
Boyce was afraid she wouldn't be able to read it, so he told her.
This was a case that the police officer was working on while he was on a business trip. The person who came to report the case was a family member of the deceased.
The reason why the deceased died was that he had taken fake medicine and delayed his treatment.
The family of the deceased found that the pharmaceutical company marked on the box of the medicine taken by the deceased could not be traced, so they went to the relevant department for identification, and the test came out that the medicine was fake.
So the family of the deceased reported the case to the police.
Instead of alerting them, the officers investigated in secret and also went to consult disguised as patients. Most of the medicines they got were fake and harmless, but they couldn't cure the disease either.
These criminals were taking advantage of the human weaknesses of people who were greedy and then making a huge profit from it.
As the saying went, gold had a price but medicine had no price. You could bargain for anything you wanted to buy. The only thing that couldn’t be bargained for was the price of medicine.
"He is not a quack. He is just not a doctor and all his documents are forged. The drugs are also made by him from cheap stuff that does not harm the human body. Those medicines don't hurt, but they don't cure. After an undercover investigation, we found that a lot of this fake medicine had made its way into the market. After investigation, we found it in quite a few pharmacies. But tracking down by following clues, we have destroyed the factory that made the fake medicine and the people involved have been arrested."
"Will they be shot?" Jasmine asked, looking up.
She was hoping that all these people would be shot.
Boyce said, "This will be vetted by the relevant authorities and the final conviction will have to go through the judiciary. They're definitely going to go to jail."
Jasmine felt that just going to jail would be too unfair for the people who had been hurt by taking the fake drugs.
The man who had just come to Boyce to sign the papers was just here to go through that process. They had investigated the case and were going to sign it over to the justice department for a conviction.
"Jasmine, I have things to do. I'm going to call someone and have him take you home. You bring the medication you took here and have it tested at the testing department ..."
"You think the pills I'm taking are fake too, don't you?" Jasmine's eyes widened. If, as Boyce said, they were all fake, then ...
Boyce was thinking that if the drugs she was taking were fake that did no harm, but also had no effect, then the baby in her belly would be fine.
Jasmine suddenly stood up, "I'm going back."
Boyce frowned, "Slow down."
Jasmine then realized she had gotten too excited. She scratched her hair, "I'll pay attention next time."
"Officer Shawn, people from the government are here and in the conference room." Bruno knocked on the door and came in while Boyce said, "I got it."
He picked up the hat that was sitting on the table and said, "You wait outside. Someone will drive you back."
Jasmine nodded. She was just about to stride out when she thought of what Boyce had just said about her moving too much, so she took a smaller step.
After about an hour or so, Jasmine returned home to get her medication. With the help of the man Boyce had arranged, she took the medication to be tested.
Jasmine waited in the room in the examination department.
After two hours, the test results came out. The doctor gave her the test results and said something to her, after which her expression was seen to go from nervous to relaxed.
Her nervousness and anxiety also turned into a grateful smile.
She took the test results back to Boyce's office. He hadn't returned yet, so she sat on the sofa and waited for him.
After a few more moments, the office door was thrown open and Jasmine turned to see Boyce enter. She then ran over to him and threw her arms around his neck. She was so happy that she forgot where they were now, then tilted her head and kissed him, saying excitedly, "It's fake. The medicine is fake. It's a pill made from starch and it's completely harmless."
Boyce didn't respond, just smiled and looked at her.
Jasmine soon realized that he was not alone. There were several people behind him who were looking at her at the moment.
Boom!
She instantly blushed and even her neck turned red.
Hadn't everyone just seen what she had just done?
This was too embarrassing.
Jasmine wished the ground could have swallowed her up. What must they think of her?
She was so unstable and in front of Boyce's subordinates.
Ah, ah, ah...
Jasmine wanted to rewind time.
Then Boyce spoke up, "My wife took the same fake pills in that fake medicine case we just handled. So I asked her to take the drugs to the inspection department for a lab test. The results came out to be harmless to the human body, so she was overjoyed. Please forgive her."
Jasmine bowed her head, feeling ashamed of herself.
"We didn't see anything." Someone spoke first.
Then everyone followed suit, "We're having poor eyesight today and we also didn't see it."
Even though everyone gave her an excuse, Jasmine felt so embarrassed. She whispered, "I'll go first."
Before Boyce could respond, she left first.
When Jasmine left, someone started to tease Boyce, "I used to think you were stubborn, but I didn't expect that you were quite open in private."
Boyce looked back at the person who had spoken.
The man immediately smiled, "Officer Shawn, are you angry?"
"Officer Shawn is not that petty. It's just that you saw his wife and him kissing each other. What's the big deal? It's not like you guys caught them sleeping. What are you guys so excited about ..."
"You all have nothing better to do, do you?" Boyce stared at the man who had just spoken, "You're in charge of this case the government has assigned. Find out within a month."
The man was speechless.
"You are avenging me in the name of public interests."
Boyce took off his hat and snapped it on his desk, then sat down at his desk, "Even if I am avenging me in the name of public interests, what can you do to me?"
#####Chapter 848 Aren't You Afraid of Being Laughed At?
The man was speechless once again.
He immediately wimped out, "Officer Shawn, you're magnanimous, so please don't take it personally with me."
Boyce was avenging him in the name of public interests, but he knew in his heart what this man was capable of, "I'll give you ten more days."
The man held up two fingers, "Two months. At least two months."
Boyce looked up at him, "You're pushing your luck."
The man knew in his heart that Boyce hadn't given him this case on a whim. They had worked together before, and he was giving him a chance.
"I don't care, you have to give me two months. It's a complicated case and I'm still halfway through it. There are a lot of things I have to look into from the beginning. Forty days is too short a time." The man said seriously.
Boyce said, "Add another five days. I want to see the results in a month and a half."
"That's not enough time." The man had a bitter face.
"Figure it out yourself."
The man was speechless again.
The man thought to himself that he should never joke around with his boss, otherwise he would be punished badly.
In the evening, Boyce called Matthew and Armand after work and asked them out to dinner.
He had returned from a business trip and was now well on his way to a promotion, so he had to tell them about it.
It was more scared than hurt this time. Jasmine had bought a lot of food and wanted to celebrate with Boyce, but then she got a message from him, saying that he was going out for dinner.
She had to put away what she had bought and go to the restaurant Boyce had booked. When she arrived, Boyce had not yet arrived.
She took out her mobile phone and was about to call Boyce and ask him when he was coming over. At that moment, a car turned up and parked in the parking space in front of the restaurant. Soon, the people inside got down. It was Wendy and a man.
They looked quite close. This was Wendy's new marriage partner, whom she had been introduced to by someone else. The man was divorced but had no children and was average-looking but had a good job. They were a good match.
Wendy agreed to go out with him only because the man had a good job and was a step up from Boyce in looks and social status. Now Boyce had become the Officer. At his age, he was really young and talented to be in this position.
This was also a credit to Officer Miller. When he retired, he highly recommended Boyce, plus Boyce was competent and did a great job on his last trip out of town. At that time, the government gave Boyce three months, but he finished the job ahead of schedule, so his superiors were very positive about his ability to do the job.
So as soon as he returned, he was promoted to the top and took charge of the job.
At this moment, Wendy saw Jasmine standing in the doorway and was very jealous. And she did not attempt to conceal her hatred.
Boyce had belonged to her. It was because of Jasmine that she had lost him.
"You know him?" Her boyfriend, who was dating her, asked.
Wendy curled her lips and said, "Of course I know her. She may be young, but she has a great way of seducing men. My last boyfriend was seduced by her."
The man looked towards Jasmine, "She doesn't look very old ..."
"She's not too old, but she is scheming." Wendy took his arm and said, "Come on, let's go inside."
Seeing them coming, Jasmine stepped aside and proceeded to call Boyce.
Soon the call was answered and Boyce's voice came on the other end of the line, "Jasmine."
"When are you coming over? I'm already here," Jasmine said.
"I'll be there in a few minutes."
"Well, I'll wait for you." Jasmine hung up the phone.
Wendy stood in the doorway, looked her up and down, and said sarcastically, "A crow cannot become a phoenix even if it flies on a branch. You still look like a poor girl. No matter how you play up to people of power and influence, you're still not going to make it to the top."
Although Boyce had given Jasmine his bank card, where he kept his savings, she did not spend it frivolously. She didn't buy designer clothes or bags just because she had the money. She still dressed the same as she always did, without going for brands or high-end.
She was dressed simply and plainly. The most valuable thing she had on her body was a necklace given by Dolores.
But to Wendy's eyes, it was bought with Boyce's money.
"You're so young to be seducing men and coaxing them to buy you things. You're worthy of being the daughter of a murderer, and you've got a lot of tricks up your sleeve." Wendy was almost gritting her teeth. If it weren't for the man around her, she would have rushed up and ripped her face off.
Her youth combined with her good looks naturally made her own kind jealous. Not to mention that Wendy hated her even more when she felt she had stolen Boyce from her.
Rather than start a fight with her, Jasmine pulled away from her and tried to avoid her. But Wendy took her by the arm, "What? You have the guts to steal my man and not the guts to admit it?"
Jasmine said very coldly, "I don't know you well, and I don't know what you're talking about."
"Huh." Wendy laughed in exasperation, "You're denying it?"
Jasmine struggled hard, "Let go of me."
Wendy's boyfriend pulled Wendy away, "Let bygones be bygones. This is a public place. You'll attract onlookers if you pull like that."
People coming in and out of the restaurant would look at them, and they had already attracted attention.
"I should have shown more people how shameless she is." Wendy's voice got louder.
Jasmine frowned. This woman was unreasonable!
"Just let go of me or I'll call the police?" Jasmine glared at her angrily.
She felt so unlucky to have met her today, and she was so annoying.
"Call the police? You just call the police. Let’s wait and see." Wendy, relying on the fact that her boyfriend was with her at the moment and Jasmine was alone, became more and more reckless. She clutched her wrist hard and pulled her towards her, "Jasmine, you know in your own heart how you hooked up with Boyce. Don't you dare say you didn't seduce him on account of your youth?"
"Only nasty people have nasty thoughts." Jasmine glared at her, "Of course he wouldn't fall in love with a woman like you."
Jasmine didn't want to start a fight with her, but Wendy wouldn't let up. She was out of options and couldn't stand her saying those awful things.
"Who are you talking about?!" Wendy's face was a little grim.
"You know in your own heart what kind of person you are. If you were a good woman, Boyce wouldn't have failed to choose you, would he? In terms of family background, you're a thousand times better than me. But why did he choose a woman with a poor family background like me over you? Shouldn't you be looking at your own problems?" Jasmine was sharp in her words, "You come from a respectable family. But you're dragging me around in public like this. Aren't you afraid people will laugh at you?"
Wendy hadn't expected her to be so eloquent and she couldn't even find the words to retort her.
Her eyes widened, "Say that again!"
Jasmine ignored her and tried to break her hand.
Wendy looked like her sore spot was touched. She was already irritated, and with Jasmine trying to break her hand away, she raised her other hand, "You shameless bitch!"
With that, she was about to slap Jasmine across the face.
#####Chapter 849 Looking Great
However at this moment, Wendy’s hand, which had risen in the air, was grabbed by someone. She thought that it was her boyfriend, so she lowered her voice and scolded him, “Why are you…” grabbing my hand.
When she had not finished saying the remaining words, she saw that the person who was grabbing her hand was not her boyfriend. It was Boyce, her face turned pale in a moment, “Why, why are you here?”
Boyce pulled away her hand which was grabbing Jasmine, and then he yanked her hand away. Wendy staggered and almost fell.
“For Officer Miller’s sake, I’ve never exposed those disgraceful things that you’ve done, but you’re still being impenitent. Fine, I will ask Officer Miller to come here today and discuss it properly.” Boyce looked serious on his face; there was anger in his eyes which could be hardly detected. Obviously, he was offended by Wendy.
Wendy put her hand on the wall for support; she said stubbornly, “Don’t use my dad to bluff me.”
“You can see whether or not I’m bluffing you. Since you’re being shameless, do I still need to cover for you?” Boyce took out his phone and found the phone number of Officer Miller. Wendy immediately grabbed his phone away, seeing that Boyce was really going to make a call, “You are not allowed to make a call.”
Wendy had always known that Boyce was a loyal person who cherished friendship, he also respected her dad. He didn’t tell her dad about her matters because of the respect to his dad. She thought that Boyce was bluffing her just now, she didn’t expect that he really wanted to make a call.
She had forgotten that there must be some limits which couldn’t be exceeded as long as they were humans.
“Don’t forget that it’s my dad who has promoted you. If he didn’t promote you, you won’t be what you’re now, are you going to kick him down the ladder?” Wendy stared at Boyce, “You’re just the same as others, you’re pretending to be a gentleman, but indeed you’re also a womanizer. You’ve found someone who is so young, isn’t it just because you like her body…”
“Thud!”
When she had not finished talking, she was given a slap on her face. Her eyes became red, and she couldn’t believe it, “You, you slapped me?”
Boyce looked daggers at her, “I’m just teaching you a lesson on behalf of your dad. If Officer Miller is here today, perhaps he will feel regret having this daughter!”
Wendy’s chest was moving up and down due to the anger, “You’re ungrateful!”
She rushed in front and wanted to beat Boyce while she talked. She had lost her head at this moment, let alone saving her face, she totally looked like a shrew.
Boyce could get whatever he wanted now, Wendy envied that everything which should initially belong to her, was taken by Jasmine already. She was even given a slap by Boyce and he had taught her a lesson in front of other people, she felt angry and she couldn’t reconcile with them.
Boyce didn’t move, he just watched her rushing toward him with the hideous look. Perhaps Wendy was too agitated, she tripped over something and fell.
She was in an awkward predicament.
Her boyfriend thought that she was a well-educated lady since she was Officer Miller’s daughter, she looked nice, and they were about the same age as well. Although they had both divorced before, they didn’t have children, so they were quite matched.
Her boyfriend thought that she was being aggressive just now because her ex-boyfriend had been snatched by others. Hence, she was holding a grudge and it was normal for her to talk in an unfriendly way.
‘But looking at her now, does she look like a well-educated lady? She can’t even be understanding to others, which is the basic.’
“Wendy, we shall end the date today, I think that we’re just not compatible.” He turned and left after saying this.
He thought that Wendy was making a fool of herself.
When Wendy realized what he had said, she stood up and chased him, “We’ve said that we’re going to marry each other, why are we not compatible?”
Her boyfriend wanted to avoid her so much, he got into the car and started the car, then he left quickly.
Wendy knocked on his door, “Stop the car!”
He didn’t hesitate and leave directly.
Jasmine held Boyce’s hand, “Let’s move to other place.”
Boyce nodded and said, “Let’s go, I will call them after getting into the car.”
Boyce guarded Jasmine into the car, he worried that Wendy would come and disturb her again.
After getting into the car, he started the car and left. Then, he had called Matthew and Armand telling them not to come here anymore.
It was too late already to book another quiet place at this moment. Hence, Dolores had asked them to go to the bungalow because the bungalow was quiet and well-equipped, they could just let the restaurant send the foods there.
The place was spacious and quiet.
Boyce agreed.
So, he drove to the bungalow.
“Why would you meet her?” Boyce asked.
Jasmine answered, “I went there once I received your message, I was waiting for you outside because I knew that you were not there yet. Maybe she was there to dine, so we had accidentally met each other, and she had come down on me when she saw me.”
She felt so helpless too.
Boyce looked toward her and asked concernedly, “Are you okay?”
Jasmine shook her head, “You had come in time.”
At this moment, Boyce saw that there were red marks on her wrists. Wendy had treated her badly, she had purposely scratched her wrists using her fingernails when grabbing her wrists. There was a row of nails marks on the inner side of her wrists, some sides were bleeding.
Boyce brought her hand over, but Jasmine drew her hand back and said smilingly, “It’s okay.”
It was not a serious injury, she didn’t want Boyce to worry about this trivial matter. He was busy with his work already, she didn’t want to trouble him anymore.
Boyce pursed his lips, he looked serious on his face, “Call me if you face this kind of thing again in the future.”
Jasmine smiled and said, “Okay.”
Although she was young, she was really sensible. The more she was sensible, the more Boyce felt sorry to her.
After all, the reason Wendy would pick a quarrel with Jasmine was because of him.
“I’m sorry, Jasmine.”
Jasmine leaned on his shoulder, “We already have a baby, but you’re still always apologizing to me, will the baby laugh at you when the baby is born later?”
Boyce glanced at her abdomen, his eyes twinkled and there was a joy in him which was difficult to be detected.
He was going to be a dad.
Soon, the car had stopped in front of the entrance of the bungalow. Armand and Theresa were standing at the entrance, they had just arrived too. They were in City B as well, they had come back to fetch Armand’s grandma.
Armand had also wanted to ask them out for a gathering initially, he wanted to tell everyone since he had decided to leave, then he had received a call from Boyce.
“You guys are here.” Theresa greeted them seeing that Jasmine and Boyce were getting out of the car.
Jasmine and Boyce walked side by side toward them, “Hmm, did you guys just arrive too?”
Theresa nodded, “Yes, let’s go inside together.”
“Okay.” Jasmine went in front and walked together with Theresa.
Armand and Boyce walked behind them.
“Isn’t it that you had told us to go to the restaurant? Why are we coming to the bungalow again?” Armand asked.
Boyce said, “There’s an accident, this place is more comfortable than the restaurant.”
“Has any good thing happened on you?” Armand put his arm on Boyce’s shoulder, “You’re looking great.”
#####Chapter 850 Replacing Wine with Water
Boyce curved up the corners of his mouth, he was smiling.
“Oh.” Armand knew that there was really a good thing happening on him based on his face expression, “No wonder you want to treat us a meal, is it that you have a good thing to show us off?”
Boyce glanced at him, “I don’t like to show off as much as you do.”
“What can I show off about?” Armand laughed. Although he had faced so many difficulties, it was nothing more precious than staying with Theresa safely at this moment.
In front of them, Jasmine and Theresa had entered the house. Dolores and Matthew were the first to arrive. Although they had moved away from the bungalow, they would still ask someone to clean up the place, so the bungalow was very clean and not dusty even though there was no one staying here.
Seeing that they had come, Dolores poured a few cups of water and placed them on the table.
“Boyce, I heard that you’re promoted.” Dolores put the jug down, she looked up and asked him.
Boyce sat on the sofa, “You really have your fingers on the pulse, you’ve known it even if I haven’t told you.”
Dolores chuckled, she had heard it from Matthew too. She didn’t know how Matthew knew it, but it was normal that he had his fingers on the pulse since he had a lot of connections.
“Let me take the opportunity to say a few words too.” Armand put his arm around Theresa and said, “Theresa and I have planned about it, we have come back this time to pick up grandma.”
“Where do you want to bring her to?” Boyce had just come back from his work not long before, he didn’t know about the matter that Armand was going to stay in City C.
Hence, he had asked about this.
Armand then explained again about the matter that he was going to City C, “Grandma’s illness is serious, but this is a good thing for me since I can finally stay with Theresa.”
He had come a long way to get here.
Armand’s grandma had already suffered from Alzheimer’s disease, her memories became worse when she fell and injured her brain again. Most of her memories stopped in the past, and it seemed like she had forgotten the recent ones. Forgetting about those unhappy memories was a good thing for Armand.
“You’re going to live there, how about here…”
“I’ve settled all the things here.” Armand knew what Boyce was going to ask.
Boyce patted him. The doorbell rang at this time, it was the delivery.
Dolores stood up and she went to open the door. There were three people coming with a few food boxes in their hands, Dolores stood sideways to let them come in, “Put them on the table.”
Soon, the deliverymen had put the food boxes on the table.
After they left, Dolores closed the door, then she walked beside the table and opened the food boxes. Theresa and Jasmine had also come to help her.
Dolores said, “I can do this in just a moment by myself, why do guys come here too?”
“The men are talking, we can’t get a word in edgeways.” Jasmine smiled, then she asked, “Do we need to put them in the plates?”
Theresa said, “The foods are all well-packed already, putting them in the plates just makes them look nice, and we will need to clean them up later.”
“You’re right.” Jasmine asked Dolores, “Dolores, why do you guys move to the Nelson Mansion and don’t want to stay here anymore?”
Dolores lowered her eyes to hide her emotion, she told her that Jayden was in a bad health condition and they missed the old place, so they had moved back.
When they had done placing the dishes, Theresa shouted toward the men in the living room, “You guys can eat while talking.”
“Boyce is promoted today, we shall celebrate it, I will go and take a bottle of wine here,” Dolores said. 
“We have driven here, how do we go home if we drink?” Armand pulled Theresa and sat down.
Dolores stopped moving, she thought that what Armand said was right.
“Isn’t it that we can get a driver to drive for us? It’s rare that we can gather, for sure Boyce will be very busy in the future after being promoted, while Armand and I are also going to live in City C. It’s uncertain of when we will get to gather again, so we shall just drink some, what do you guys think?” Theresa said smilingly.
After that, everyone felt that what Theresa said was right, if they were to have a meal without drinking, then it would be boring, so they had taken two bottles over there.
Dolores wanted to pour them the wine initially, but Boyce had taken the bottle and said, “Let me do it.”
Dolores passed the bottle to him and sat down.
He poured them the wine one by one starting from Matthew, he just didn’t pour it for Jasmine, so Theresa had teased him, “I didn’t know that Boyce knows how to take care of someone so well in the past.” She looked at Jasmine smilingly, “You’ve married the right person. See, he has poured Lola and me the wine, but he just didn’t pour it for you, he cares about you so much.”
Jasmine felt a bit embarrassed, her face turned red listening to the words from Theresa.
She lowered her head shyly.
Boyce still didn’t pour Jasmine the wine when Theresa had finished talking.
He sat down and put the bottle aside, “She doesn’t know how to drink.”
“Then do we know how to drink?” Dolores laughed.
They were just making fun of them, they were not against Jasmine and they were just teasing Boyce, “Then you shall drink for Jasmine.”
“Sure.” Boyce answered immediately without hesitation.
Armand just looked at Boyce, “Faster go away, stop being lovey-dovey. We are celebrating your promotion, how can it be if your wife doesn’t drink?”
Armand took the wine which was put in front of Boyce, then he poured the wine for Jasmine and said, “We are celebrating for your husband today, you can’t disappoint us.”
“Armand.” Theresa glared at him.
She just wanted to tease Boyce, she didn’t really want to let Jasmine drink since she was the youngest here and she was still a university student, it was really inappropriate for her to drink.
Jasmine stood up and poured a cup of water, “I will replace the wine with water.”
Armand still wanted to say something, but Dolores had interrupted him, “Okay, just drink the water.”
She seemed to have realized something, it wasn’t because of Jasmine couldn’t drink, she had drunk last time too. Since everyone was here today, for sure she didn’t do this intentionally.
“She has married Boyce for quite a while already, perhaps she is pregnant?’
Dolores was not sure about this, she was just guessing.
Or else, she couldn’t think of other reason that Jasmine rejected to drink.
“You guys have started this first, now it is you guys again who have stopped me, why are women so capricious?” Armand sat down.
Theresa pinched his ear, “If I’m capricious, will I still stay with you whole-heartedly?”
“Ouch.” Armand wussed out soon, “There are so many people here, please save face for me.”
“Do you still have face?” Boyce said ironically, “Isn’t that you are always punished by Theresa to kneel on the washboard at home?”
Armand’s eyes widened and he stared at Boyce fiercely, then his eyes fell on Jasmine who was sitting beside him, “Did you hear it, Jasmine? He likes to kneel on the washboard, you shall let him kneel on it when you go back home today, he likes it.”
“You are the one who like it.” Boyce poured half of the wine from his glass into Armand’s glass, “You need to drink more, so that you can shut up.”
“Scram, you have drunk it, I don’t want it.” Armand took his glass, and he was going to pour the wine back.
Boyce said, “I didn’t drink.”
“You still can’t, or I will let Jasmine drink for you?” Armand turned to Jasmine when he was talking, “You shall finish drinking this for your husband, anyway he had drunk this already.”
Boyce stopped him and took the glass, “Armand, why are you so annoying?”
“Am I annoying just because I’ve let your wife drink?” Armand looked at him, “Why do I feel like there is something wrong with you guys, is it that you guys are sick?”
Thinking of this, Armand looked serious on his face.
“You’re the one who is sick.” Boyce wished to open Armand’s brain and see what’s inside. 
“Then why…”
“Perhaps Boyce is going to become a dad?” Dolores interrupted Armand and she looked toward Jasmine.
#####Chapter 851 Double Happiness
Jasmine lowered her head shyly. Although she was shy and didn’t tell them, but everyone knew that she was giving the tacit admission.
Dolores was the first one to talk, “Congrats.”
Theresa couldn’t respond in a short while, she congratulated them only after a long time. Dolores was already the mother of three children, and Jasmine had also become pregnant now.
Leaving only Armand and her who didn’t have child, she turned her head and looked at Armand, she wanted to know how he felt when knowing that Boyce had become a dad.
However, Armand just showed a calm face. Indeed, he was startled for a while when he just heard of it, to be exact, it was the ‘envy’.
‘Envying’ them, because he was the only one who couldn’t have child.
But soon he had realized that this was his life, there was nothing to be envied of. He would live together with Theresa forever if they didn’t have a child, some more there were so many people who didn’t want to have child nowadays, it was not a big deal if he didn’t have a child.
The most important thing was, he couldn’t let Theresa find out his emotion. He knew her sensitiveness so well, so he was more concerned about Theresa’s feelings.
He smiled so happily at this moment, he even joked, “Boyce is having double happiness today, he is promoted and he has a happy family, then there are now three people in his family already. He is winning in life, just for this, I want to congratulate him.”
When Armand was talking, he stood up and took a glass again, then he put it in front of Boyce and poured him the wine. Boyce had already had a glass, adding on Jasmine’s glass, now Armand had given him another glass again, so there were three glasses in total. Armand held his glass up, “One glass for me, three glasses for you.”
Boyce looked up, “Why is it one glass for you, but three glasses for me?”
Armand looked at him coldly, “Why, you are having double happiness, isn’t it that you shall drink three glasses? I’m wishing you sincerely, don’t you appreciate it?”
Boyce was speechless.
‘What a nonsense?’
Fine, he couldn’t surpass Armand in speaking, so he could only drink them.
Armand and Boyce touched their glasses, but Armand only took a sip while Boyce drank the whole glass. After the second touching of their glasses, Armand took a sip again while Boyce drank another glass of wine. After the third touching of their glasses, Armand finished drinking the remaining wine while Boyce finished drinking another glass of wine again.
After putting the glass down, Armand felt so happy, he immediately refilled the three glasses for Boyce, then he talked to Matthew and Dolores, “Today is the red-letter day of Boyce, you guys shall wish him too.”
Boyce glanced at the glasses in front of him, then he glared at Armand, “Don’t let me catch you.”
Armand laughed, “I think that you won’t have the chance, perhaps you can only prank me in the next life.”
“Be careful, extreme joy begets sorrow.”
“If there are many difficulties in life, then I must have experienced all of them already, the remaining in my life will be the happy days. As the saying goes, no pain, no gain. I had suffered so much already, and now the good things have finally come, I’ll live a happy life in the future.” Armand poured a glass of wine for himself, then he held the glass up and touched it with Theresa’s glass, “Let’s have a drink.”
Theresa glanced at him, the corners of her mouth curved up, then she gulped down the glass of wine.
Armand put the glass down and looked toward Dolores, “Dolores, quickly wish him, there is rarely an opportunity to force him to drink and he still can’t reject it. Or else, it will be difficult to get another chance again.”
Dolores smiled and said, “You’re right. Boyce is usually the most mature and steadiest one, his love has arrived late, but it has arrived at the right time. He has now harvested his love and career, he really worth the celebration.” 
She held the glass up and looked at Boyce, “Congratulations.”
Boyce held his glass up helplessly, “Dolores, why do you…”
“Cut the crap, just drink, quickly drink.” Boyce pushed the bottom of his glass and forced the wine into his mouth.
This had made everyone burst into laughter.
The gathering had finished in a satisfactory way, but Boyce had drunk too much. Dolores had drunk with him, followed by Matthew, then Armand said again, “I feel that I want to show you that I’m wishing you sincerely, so I congratulate you again.”
Boyce was forced to drink another three glasses again, so he was drunk.
After calling someone to drive for them, Armand and Theresa had stayed here and said that they wanted to help Dolores to clean up the place, but Dolores had asked them to go back.
“It’s late already, when will you finish cleaning up the place if you were to do it by yourself?” Theresa was going to help her, but Dolores pulled her hand away, “Don’t do it, just go back home with Armand. I will clean these up and throw into the dustbin, then I will just throw it outside. There’s nothing much to be washed, isn’t it that you guys are going back to City C? Quickly go back and rest.”
“Okay then.” It was inappropriate for Theresa to say anything again since Dolores had talked in this way.
Matthew and Armand were talking in the living room.
Matthew told him that Oscar was old already, and he had let Armand attend more to him.
Armand understood.
When the driver arrived, Armand and Theresa went out from the bungalow, but Dolores had stopped them, “Theresa, Armand…”
“Is there anything else, Dolores?” Armand turned his head.
Dolores wanted to ask them to help her taking care of Joshua initially, but she wanted to let her child stay beside Jayden due to his sickness, so she needed to delay this matter.
“Nothing, be careful on the way back.”
She would just wait and tell them when the time came.
“Okay, we’re leaving now.”
Dolores waved to them, “Goodbye.”
When all of them had left, the whole bungalow became quiet in a moment. Dolores was cleaning up the table, Matthew walked toward her, “I’ll help you.”
Dolores rejected him, “Your hands will be greasy later.”
She looked up, “Do you know how to do these?”
“I can learn.” Matthew looked calm and cold, he didn’t smile again ever since Jayden fell sick.
Dolores knew that he was unhappy, she sighed silently and said, “Help me to throw it into the dustbin outside.”
She had cleaned up all the things on the table and put them into a rubbish bag, then she gave it to Matthew.
The sky tonight was very dark and gentle.
When Matthew had come back from throwing rubbish, the table in the dining room was already wiped clean. Dolores was standing in front of the sink and washing the glasses.
His body pressed against hers from the back, he put his arms around her waist. Without the erotic feeling, he just wanted to hug her.
Dolores didn’t move, she turned down the faucet, leaving only a small volume of water flowing. She took the glass and washed in the water, then she talked with the sound of running water surrounding them, “There are not only good things in our life, sometimes the bad things will also happen suddenly, I will be by your side no matter how difficult the situation is.”
She looked up, her eyelashes brushed against the corners of his eyes because they were standing too close.
Matthew took the glass away from her hand, then he turned off the faucet, “Accompany me to sit for a while.”
He took Dolores to the living room and sat on the sofa. The bright light shone the interior, as if it was during the day. However, the atmosphere around them was heavy and depressing, their emotions didn’t improve due to the bright light.
Meanwhile at the other place, Jasmine and Boyce had arrived at their accommodation.
Boyce had drunk too much, and Jasmine couldn’t support him. The driver was kind-hearted, so he had helped her to bring Boyce into the house.
After putting Boyce onto the bed, Jasmine had poured a cup of water for the driver, “Take a sip before you go.”
“It’s okay.” The driver waved at her and left, Jasmine then closed the door. After coming back into the house, she put some water in a basin and placed it beside the bed, then she took off Boyce’s clothes.
Boyce was in a daze, he felt like there was someone pulling his clothes.
#####Chapter 852 A Neat Stack of Bills
“Don’t touch me.” Jasmine removed his clothes and then her hands paused and then looked at him and said tenderly, “Boyce.”
Boyce turned around but did not react.
Jasmine was speechless.
She frowned and stood next to the bed. She removed a sleeve with much difficulty and now Boyce’s other arm was under his body. She had no strength to push him over.
What should she do?
Jasmine was flustered and did not know what to do. She could not let him sleep like that. He would be uncomfortable. She knelt beside the bed and mustered all her strength to roll him over. Boyce was frustrated and brushed her hand away. He said with disdain, “Don’t touch me.”
Jasmine froze and looked at him. It was the first time she saw him in a drunk state. She felt that it was both amusing and frustrating.
“Sleep in this manner if you don’t want me to touch you. Don’t blame me if you ache all over tomorrow.” Jasmine sniped back and then took a blanket from the cupboard to cover him.
Boyce stirred and then stretched out his hand and demanded, “Where’s my phone?”
“You’re drunk, what do you need your phone for?” Jasmine grabbed his hand and continued, “Rest now.”
Boyce flung away her hand and persisted, “No, I need to make a call.”
Jasmine placed her hand on his forehead and asked, “Who do you need to call when you’re so drunk?”
“I miss her.” Boyce turned his back towards Jasmine.
People speak the truth when they were drunk. Jasmine felt happy that he missed her when he was drunk. She took a damp hand towel and wiped his face and hands. She removed his shoes and socks and covered his legs with the blanket. She then tidied the apartment and then took a shower and laid down beside him. He was reeking of alcohol and Jasmine felt disgusted by that perhaps it was due to her pregnancy that her sense of smell was more acute. She turned to face away from him and soon he reached for her and hugged her with his leg over her. His leg was very heavy and Jasmine pushed it away. Soon it was back over her and she could hardly sleep. She was very tired and took a blanket with her to sleep in the sitting room.
Boyce woke up in the morning and saw that he was alone in bed. He went out of the room and saw Jasmine sleeping on the sofa and asked, “Why are you sleeping here?”
Jasmine sat up, folded the blanket, and said, “Go and take a shower.”
Boyce stood in place and felt uneasy. What made Jasmine sleep on the sofa? Did he do anything to upset her when he was drunk?
“Why did you sleep on the sofa?” Boyce asked again.
Jasmine was puzzled and said, “Do you intend to go to work in this state? It’s almost seven o’clock. Quickly take a shower and change your clothes.”
Boyce looked at the time and he did not have much time to get ready for work. He quickly asked, “Did I do anything last night to upset you?”
Jasmine now understood why he had been behaving strangely. He was worried that she was angry with him.
She looked at the blanket in her hands and then walked over to him, smiled, and said, “No.”
She gently gave him a peck on his chin and said, “Go and have a shower.”
Boyce relaxed and heaved a sigh of relief. He then went to wash up and got ready for work.
Jasmine overslept and had not prepared breakfast. Jasmine dressed up neatly and then said, “Let’s get a bite on our way out today.”
Boyce agreed and saw that Jasmine was going out and asked, “Where are you going?”
“To work,” Jasmine replied.
Boyce raised his eyebrow and asked, “Work? But you’re pregnant…”
“I can’t be doing anything. It’s just an internship.” Jasmine grabbed her bag and continued, “I was already on leave for a couple of days. I need to go back to work today.”
She stepped out of the house and Boyce quickly said, “Wait for me. I’ll send you.”
Jasmine replied, “It’s nearby, no need…”
Boyce looked at her and said, “I’ll send you.”
Jasmine was speechless.
Boyce sent her to her workplace before going to work. He was busier now and Jasmine finished her work earlier than him. As she entered the lift, a middle-aged man walked over with a box of apples. When he saw that the doors were closing, he quickly yelled, “Wait…”
Jasmine quickly pressed the button for the doors to open. The man with the box of apples entered and thanked Jasmine. Jasmine simply smiled in return.
Thereafter, he did not press any button for the level. It appeared that he was going to the same level as Jasmine. Once they got off the lift, the man asked, “Are you living here?”
Jasmine nodded.
The man said, “Do you know Mr. Shawn?” 
Jasmine looked at him for a couple of seconds and asked, “Why are you looking for him?”
The man appeared to be in his fifties and said, “Mr. Shawn had helped and I would like to express my gratitude. I don’t have much money and so I brought some homegrown apples and would like to give him a box.”
Jasmine said, “He would not accept any gifts from anyone.”
In Boyce’s current status, it was inappropriate for him to accept any gifts. Even if a box of apples appeared to be harmless, nevertheless, it was inappropriate.
“I need to express my gratitude for his help.” The middle-aged man said and asked, “Do you know him?”
Jasmine nodded.
“You’re his wife?” It was obvious that the middle-aged man knew at this point. He shoved the box of apples to her and said, “A box of apples isn’t valuable, please accept these.”
Jasmine pushed back but the middle-aged man insisted and left.
Before the lift doors closed, he said to Jasmine, “Mr. Shawn is a good man.”
Jasmine smiled proudly. 
Once the lift closed, Jasmine looked at the box of apples and decided not to throw them away. She took the box of apples into the apartment and then placed the box on the dining table. She then called Boyce and asked when he would be back. Boyce told her not to wait for him as he would be home late. 
There was an old case that was handed over to him. This case had no progress for a year and that was why it was given to him.
Although Officer Miller liked him, Boyce rose to this position due to his abilities because he had no connections. Now this case was a double-edged sword. If he solved it, it may reaffirm his abilities. However, if he did not, then some people might use his failure to remove him from the position.
That was why he had to put extra effort into cracking this case.
Jasmine cooked only enough for herself that night. She washed up after dinner and fell asleep. She was groggy when Boyce came back. She knew that she had something to tell him but she could not remember what it was.
Boyce laid on the bed and hugged her to sleep.
The next morning, Boyce received a call that appeared to be urgent. He told Jasmine to go to work on her own and quickly left.
Just as Jasmine was taking the milk out of the refrigerator, she saw the apples on the dining table and remembered what she wanted to tell Boyce. She had not eaten any apples for a while and walked over to open the box for an apple.
As soon as she opened the box, there were no apples inside. Instead, the box was neatly stacked with dollar bills.
#####Chapter 853 Why Are You Here?
Jasmine was stunned by the amount of money. She was dazed for a moment.
There must be something fishy for someone to give so much money. She forced herself to calm down and she knew that she had to inform Boyce. She looked for her cellphone and her hands trembled and dropped the cellphone onto the ground.
She squatted to pick up the phone but the screen had shattered. She was still able to make the call but Boyce’s cellphone had been turned off. 
She frowned at the unexpected turn of events. What should she do now? What if this money brought trouble to Boyce? She began to become flustered and her mind was in a daze. It was her carelessness that caused this situation. What if this caused trouble for Boyce? She shuddered to think of the consequences…
She sat on the floor in desperation and wondered who she should look for. She did not dare to do anything rash now and needed someone with who she could discuss this. After a moment, she thought of Dolores. Matthew was so intelligent and should know what to do in such a situation. Hence, she gave Dolores a call.
The weather was lovely today and Dolores took her baby to the park for a stroll. 
Kevin was supporting Jayden as they strolled and remarked, “Look at how time flies. More than half of the year had passed and it’s almost the mid-autumn festival.”
Jayden looked up to the trees and indeed some of the leaves had started to turn yellow. Once winter arrived, the Chinese New Year would come next. The leaves would grow again at every spring but once a man had passed on, he would leave the earth forever.
He was not afraid of death but when he pondered about it, he still felt rather apprehensive.
Kevin said, “Autumn is here, every season brings its beauty and also its loneliness.”
Dolores said soon after, “The weather is also becoming colder. Uncle, you need to wear warmer clothes.”
Kevin smiled.
Her phone began to ring and Jessica handed her cellphone to her and said, “You have a call.”
Dolores placed the child into the pram and covered the baby with a blanket. Thereafter she took over the phone and it was Jasmine who called her. Why did Jasmine call her?
As soon as she answered the call, Jasmine said anxiously, “Dolores, I made a mistake.”
Dolores was puzzled and asked, “What happened? Calm down and explain it to me.”
Jasmine composed herself and said, “Yesterday after work I met someone who was looking for Boyce. He gave me a box of apples for Boyce. Today when I opened it, there were no apples but instead, it was filled with money. Dolores, what should I do? I’m so frightened now and I don’t know what I should do.” 
Dolores could understand her anxiety. Who would give Boyce so much money? Boyce just had a promotion. Someone could be setting him up by sending him this money. It would definitely affect Boyce if this was not handled properly.
“Have you informed Boyce? What did he say?” Dolores asked.
“His cellphone is turned off. I can’t reach him. Dolores, can you suggest what I should do?”
“Don’t panic.” Dolores pondered and then asked, “Where are you now?”
“I’m at home.” Jasmine quickly replied.
“Okay, I’ll head over to you. Wait at home for me.” Dolores said.
Jasmine acknowledged and ended the call.
She looked towards Jessica and asked, “Mom, can you take care of the baby?”
Jessica nodded and asked, “Do you have something on?”
Dolores nodded and then walked off. Jayden looked at her and said, “Drive carefully.”
Dolores thanked him for his concern. She went home to take the car keys and headed to Jasmine’s house.
As Jasmine sat on the sofa, she occasionally would look towards the box of money and her stomach would churn. Soon, someone knocked on the door and she went to open the door.
Dolores entered the apartment and Jasmine pointed to the box and said, “I thought that it was a box of apples and accepted it as it wasn’t anything significant. I didn’t expect it to be…”
Dolores patted her on her shoulders and said, “This person hid the fact that it was money clearly he knew that you would not accept it if he had said what it was.”
“Would this implicate Boyce? I wanted to inform him but his cellphone had been turned off. I ran out of ideas and that was when I thought about you…”
Dolores asked, “Do you have any duct tape at home?”
Jasmine nodded, went to look for it, and gave it to Dolores. Dolores sealed and said, “Let’s go.”
“Where are we going?”
“Go to the police station. Are there security cameras in this apartment complex?” Dolores asked as she picked up the box.
Jasmine nodded and replied, “Yes, it’s everywhere.”
“Okay.” She then calmly said, “Go to the management office and request to view the security videos. Make copies of the videos of the man who brought this box to prove that you were unaware of this situation. Then we’ll go to the police station to explain the situation.”
Jasmine agreed, “I’ll do that immediately.”
Dolores then said, “I’ll wait for you at the entrance to the complex. Come over once you’ve made copies.”
Jasmine nodded and both of them went downstairs. Dolores placed the box of ‘apples’ in the back seat and gave Boyce a call. Boyce’s cellphone was still turned off.
When Boyce arrived at the station this morning, he was immediately led away to be questioned. His cellphone had been turned off to prevent him from being contacted by others.
“We all know your character but this complaint isn’t without merits. It accused you of being corrupt and was very clear that it was your wife who was the one who accepted the money.”
“Mr. Shawn isn’t that kind of person. This is clearly a setup!” A colleague spoke up in defence of Boyce.
“Then how do you prove that it’s a setup?” The interrogator asked.
The colleague was stumped and then said, “Regardless, I definitely won’t believe that Mr. Shawn is corrupt.”
“How about this, Mr. Shawn is not to be involved in any cases until this investigation is over…”
“Impossible.” Boyce spoke up after keeping his silence, “I have a case right now.”
“You can hand over this case to Michael.” 
Michael was Boyce’s peer and now Boyce was a commissioner while Michael was still an inspector. There was a huge difference in their status. Michael had kept his silence throughout this questioning. However, he would not speak up for Boyce at this moment.
“I’ll ensure that this case is solved if it is assigned to me.” Michael said.
“I’m sure you’re too happy for this to happen. Perhaps you’re the one who devised this plot!” Someone standing behind Boyce accused Michael.
“Do you have any proof? Otherwise, it’s slander.” Michael was composed and sniped back, “Don’t think that by supporting Boyce, you can twist the facts as you wish!”
“You…”
Boyce stopped him and then said to the inspectorate, “I accept any investigations.”
He was not worried about something that he did not do.
“Okay, then this case will be assigned to Michael…” The inspectorate. 
Clunk! The door to the interrogation room was opened and interrupted them.
Everyone looked towards the door and Jasmine was standing at the door hugging a box. 
Boyce was surprised by her appearance and stood up from his seat. He walked over to her and asked, “Why are you here?”
“I’m here to see you.” Jasmine looked at Boyce. On their way over, Dolores had assured her that everything would be fine so long as she spoke the truth. There was no need to panic.
Jasmine was very calm and steady.
#####Chapter 854 Sacrifice
Michael looked at Jasmine and said, “This must be Mrs. Shawn. We are having a meeting. You can’t simply join in even if you’re the wife of Mr. Shawn. Please leave!”
Jasmine walked past Boyce and placed the box of ‘apples’ onto the table and said, “I am aware that as a family member I am in no position to speak here. But there is definitely a reason why I am here.”
She then pointed to the box and said, “Yesterday, I received this box of apples when I went home after work. As the family of a civil servant, I know that I should not even accept gifts, even if it is a box of apples. That is why I am here to surrender the box of apples.”
Michael looked at the box and asked, “Are there really apples in the box?”
Jasmine asked in return, “Could there be bananas in a box marked with apples?”
“It’s just a box of apples, it’s fine…” The inspectorate said.
“Although it’s just a box of apples, I cannot accept it because it was given by someone I did not know. Although I’m young, I remember Chairman Mao’s teachings that government officials must not take even a needle and a thread from the citizens. This box of apples is worth at least twenty dollars and that’s worth many needles and thread.”
Michael rolled his eyes and said, “I haven’t eaten apples for a while. Why don’t we open it for a bite?”
Jasmine said, “As you wish. This isn’t mine and I can’t decide what to do with it.”
Michael went ahead to remove the duct tape and opened the box.
He removed the contents for all to see and asked, “Are these apples?”
Jasmine appeared surprised and all eyes were on Jasmine.
Michael spoke again, “Could it be that you knew that something was happening and you used this manner to return this ill-gotten money?”
Jasmine looked towards Michael and recalled that Dolores had warned her of the possibility of someone using this against her. True enough, it happened as Dolores had expected. Dolores had coached Jasmine to persist that she did not know about the money.
Jasmine persisted, “I didn’t know that there was money in the box. This box was insisted upon me. If I had known that it contained money, I would have brought this last night. The reason why I am here only now is I thought that it was just apples. Had I known that it was money, I would not waste a moment to surrender it.”
“Ha, insisted upon you? I don’t believe it.”
Jasmine replied, “You can investigate, additionally…”
She took out her cellphone to show them the security footage, “If you don’t believe it, you can watch this video.”
A person beside Boyce took the cell phone and transferred the video onto the computer for all to see. However, Michael did not end his attacks and looked towards Boyce, “Don’t tell me that you knew nothing about this. Why didn’t you surrender this money on your own?”
“He knew nothing about it. There are location and time stamps on the video. You can see it for yourself…” Jasmine interjected. 
“What have these got to do with whether Mr. Shawn knew about it?” Michael interrupted Jasmine and questioned.
Jasmine was confident in her reply, “Just look at the time. This happened after six o’clock yesterday. I was already asleep when Boyce returned home. That was why I did not inform him. Surely someone here can validate what time Boyce left the station yesterday?”
As soon as she said this, someone spoke, “Mr. Shawn was with us yesterday. There were new leads in the previous case and Mr. Shawn was with us until midnight. It was only expected that Mrs. Shawn would be asleep by the time he went back.”
The evidence lined up tightly to prove that Boyce did not know of this incident. His wife had received a box of apples and surrendered it the next day.
The pieces of evidence were there for all to see.
“We did receive a complaint and although this had been explained, we still had to follow the procedures. As the inspectorate of the department, there must be zero tolerance for corruption. Facts must not be twisted.” The inspectorate said.
The current finding was in Boyce’s favour but the investigations must be completed. So, there was no need for him to be suspended before the investigation was over. Everyone involved must cooperate with the investigations.
Boyce had other tasks to work on and instructed Bruno to send Jasmine home.
After leaving the room, Bruno asked, “How did you manage to barge into the meeting room?”
Indeed some people tried to prevent her from getting to the meeting room. Moreover, she was carrying the box but managed to muscle her way past them.
“Rest assured that everything would be fine.” Bruno assured her as they reached the entrance to the station.
Jasmine said, “I’ll go home on my own.”
Bruno smiled and replied, “Mr. Shawn had instructed me to send you home.” 
Jasmine pointed to the black sedan waiting for her and then walked towards Dolores and said, “Dolores, it’s resolved.”
Dolores smiled happily.
Although Dolores did not have time to prepare herself, she was equally beautiful and elegant. Her smile made her even more enchanting.
Bruno was stunned and then quickly said, “I’ll go back to my work now since someone is waiting for you.”
Jasmine waved to thank him, “Please go ahead.”
Dolores opened the car door and said, “Let’s go.”
Jasmine got into the front passenger side and thanked Dolores repeatedly. If it was not for Dolores’ help, things might not have gone so smoothly. At this moment, her cellphone rang.
When she answered the call, she was informed by her current company that she had been terminated. She just started working and not only took leave but also was late for work.
She lowered her head in disappointment and replied, “I understand.”
Dolores noticed her sudden change in spirits and asked, “What happened?”
Jasmine explained, “I had been fired.”
“They wouldn’t keep you on even if you had completed your internship. You’re only in your second year of College. You have plenty of opportunities. Focus on your delivering your baby and then worry about work.” Dolores advised.
The company would definitely not retain her when they find out about her pregnancy. Additionally, Boyce would be very busy and if she also worked, then they would have very little time for each other. After all, they were married recently. Someone would need to stay at home.
Dolores respected Jasmine’s choice and said, “If you still would like to work, I can help you get a job.” It was easy for Matthew to get her a job that was in her field of studies.
Jasmine replied, “You’re right. I won’t be able to work for long even if I wasn’t fired. Furthermore, now that Boyce was just promoted, I should not let him worry about the situation at home.”
Then she turned towards Dolores, “Is it true that women had to sacrifice their goals after marriage?”
#####Chapter 855 I’m Not Afraid of Being Dumped
“What made you say this?” Dolores asked.
Jasmine paused and then said, “You were a successful career woman and do not have to rely on anyone but now, you gave up your career to stay at home to be a housewife.” 
Jasmine felt that it was unfair that women had to hide behind their men. A family’s state should depend on the cooperation of both parties.
Dolores smiled and said, “Confused?”
Jasmine was puzzled and asked, “Confused about what?”
“You said that a family should depend on both husband and the wife. But then the woman had to give up on her career. Isn’t that a confusing conflict?”
Dolores said after a pause, “Indeed both parties need to contribute. The husband contributes by going out to earn a salary while the woman contributes by staying at home to take care of the kids. Both are contributing in their own ways to the family.”
Jasmine thought for a while and agreed, “But I don’t wish to depend on him.”
Because of her experiences, she felt insecure to depend on a person for her livelihood.
Jasmine was worried that should Boyce have a change of heart, then she would lose everything, even her means of supporting herself. It was not about love or trust. Her parent’s unfortunate marriage had caused her to be looking out for herself. 
Dolores understood her concerns. It was important for a woman to be independent and self-confident. Only then can she truly live radiantly?
“Will you continue to pursue your career in the future?” Jasmine asked Dolores.
Dolores said no. She had already transferred her shop in C city to Theresa and so she would not interfere with it anymore.
She smiled and said, “I’m not afraid of him forsaking me. In any case, I am controlling his finances. If he ditches me, I’ll be able to live a comfortable life without any worries.”
Jasmine smiled, “Indeed, it is important to have money.”
Dolores chuckled as well.
“Come over to my place and we can continue to chat,” Dolores said.
Jasmine agreed since she had nothing to do anyway. She also enjoyed chatting with Dolores.
The sky turned red during sunset.
Boyce stepped out of the station was about to get into his car when his cell phone vibrated. Jasmine just messaged him. He took out his cellphone and saw the message, ‘I’m at Dolores’ place. Come over if you can make it for dinner.’
He then heard someone speaking nearby and he instinctively looked in that direction and saw a figure. He gently walked over and concealed himself among some bushes and saw Wendy and Michael. They both looked troubled.
“Didn’t you say that you can bring him down? Why are you silent now?” Michael was sitting next to a pond and said sarcastically, “I must be mad to believe you. Now it is obvious that I had gone against him and I wouldn’t have an easy time from now on. He will definitely make things difficult for me.”
Wendy frowned, “I had made the necessary arrangements, how could you screw things up? Or are you just a screw-up? No wonder you can’t get promoted.” She was infuriated. She had met her previous prospective husband at the restaurant and lost face. She wanted to get even.
Michael scoffed on hearing her ridicule, “No wonder Boyce doesn’t want anything to do with you.”
“You…” Wendy was furious and raised her hand to strike Michael. Now she was no longer sheltered by Officer Miller. He grabbed Wendy’s hand and viciously flung it away. Wendy was caught off guard, lost her balance, and fell to the ground. She struck her elbow during the fall and started to bleed.
“Are you insane?” She glared at him angrily.
Michael looked at her coldly down upon her, “Yes, I am indeed insane. Otherwise, I would not have joined your scheme to frame someone. Now I will be honest and report against you. You will face the consequences of your actions and not your father.”
“Don’t forget that you are involved.” Wendy stood up and grabbed his shirt, “Will Boyce go easy on you when he finds out?”
“All I did was to speak up when the inspectorate came to investigate him. You were the one who made the complaint and sent the money. What had these got to do with me?”
Wendy glared with her eyes wide open and then asked him, “Do you intend to burn bridges with me?”
Michael scoffed, “I did not. Boyce is still the commissioner. No one is threatening his position. Now the investigation is only going through the procedure. Now not only did I not gain anything, but I am being tarnished instead. Don’t ever look for me again.” He left thereafter.
Wendy stood in place and was stunned for a long time. She could not understand how this plot was thwarted by Boyce.
Boyce stopped the recording and kept his cellphone. He walked away nonchalantly but he already had in mind what he was going to do next.
Wendy was a nasty woman who repeatedly tried to harm Jasmine. Now the plot was against him and who knew what form it would take the next time? He had to do something about this and not just let the matter rest. Otherwise, he would have no peace.
#####Chapter 856 Bringing Harm to Himself
Boyce drove all the way to the old mansion, and by the time he arrived the sky had already darkened.
Jasmine was holding Joshua and playing with him in the living room, and upon entering, Boyce immediately asked about what had happened today.
“Didn’t you know about it? It’s exactly like I said.” Jasmine replied.
Boyce reached out, wanting to hold Joshua too, but Jasmine smacked his hand away, “Did you wash your hands?”
Boyce had nothing to say about that.
Jasmine repeated, “You need to wash your hands.”
“Then I don’t want to hold him anymore.”
Boyce sat down on the sofa and Jasmine came near him, “I am utterly bewildered when I saw the full box of cash. Fearing that I would burden you, I really don’t know what kind of trouble would ensue if it were not for Dolores’ idea.”
She looked at Boyce seriously, “Did you offend somebody?”
Or else, why would something like that happen?
Boyce said without any tinge of emotion, “I will deal with it.”
Jasmine continued, “Well, anything goes as long as you are aware of your role. Right, when we have dinner later, remember to say some thanks to Dolores. I couldn’t get through to you on the phone, and at that time I was completely clueless, and it was Dolores who saved me from that predicament. Or else, when push comes to shove, things might deteriorate in an unimaginable way.”
Boyce nodded.
With a creaky voice, the door of the room was opened, and with Andrew and Amanda flanking on both sides, they helped Jayden in from outside. His body was getting worse by the day, and walking itself was a hard ordeal for him now. There must be someone who could help him walk nowadays.
Boyce saw the two children having a hard time steadying the old man, so he got up, walked towards them to assist, “Let me help you settle down on the sofa.”
Jayden simply nodded. 
He didn’t last long on the sofa too as tiredness caught up to him. Boyce then proceeded to help him back to his room.
When it was time for dinner, Dolores prepared all the dishes and carried them into the house.
It seemed that he lacked appetite, and he seemed uncomfortable lying in bed. Dolores placed the dishes on the table by the bed and said in a soft voice, “Let me call the doctor over.”
Jayden sounded weak, “No need. Just go… mind your business.”
This was not the first time Dolores saw him getting tortured by disease, and she knew that nobody could shoulder this pain for him too. It made her feel hapless and sorry.
His dinner was watched over by Jessica and Coral, so she exited the room to make a call to the doctor so that he could come to check on Jayden.
Seeing that Jayden’s condition was getting worse, her fear grew by the day, although the dominant emotion gripping her was sadness. There was a starry sky tonight, and she raised her head to gaze at the sky.
“Why are you sitting here?”
Matthew came in from outside and Dolores turned her head and saw him. She then got up and approached him while saying softly, “I saw dad being in a lot of pain, so I have called Dr. Jason over.”
Matthew patted her, “I got it. Come in the house, it’s chilly out here.”
Dolores nodded and came in. Matthew had gone to where Jayden was staying.
Every time Jayden was in pain, he would stop anyone from coming to the house. He didn’t fancy the idea of showing his weakness in front of anyone.
Only Matthew was the exception.
Dolores found herself lacking in appetite, but she still settled into a chair by the dining table nonchalantly and shoved some food into the children’s plates. She wanted to urge them to eat more.
Boyce began, “I heard from Jasmine that you were a great help. Thanks a lot.”
Dolores took a sip of water and replied, “I didn’t do much. And what’s more, do you have to stand on ceremony with me?”
Boyce’s face remained solemn, “If it was not because of Jasmine’s timely intervention, that matter wouldn’t have resolved itself so easily.”
If he was asked to resign and to get investigated, things would drag on in a way such that no immediate solution would be available to him. There was no way he could be so carefree like he was now when he had just gone through some formalities. 
“You need to watch out for yourself. This matter is not something that happened randomly is it?”
Jasmine could sense that something was off about that whole ordeal, not to mention Dolores who was much elder. She naturally could sense that someone must have purposely set him up.
Boyce replied, “I know. I will try to deal with it as soon as possible.”
After that, the doctor arrived and administered some painkillers for Jayden. Matthew was always by his side, and before Boyce left, he came in and took a look and told Jayden that he was going to leave. After a slight verbal exchange with Matthew, he left the room.
One night before Mid-Autumn festival, something happened at the police station.
Coming from what was apparently Michael’s email; all colleagues received a video which recorded the contents of Michael and Wendy’s conversation which was recorded by Boyce.
The station was already buzzing with Boyce allegedly receiving bribes, and every piece of evidence now pointed to Michael. 
Michael was completely befuddled with what had happened. 
He had never sent any email, so how could that video leaked out of his own account?
He cursed in a low voice, “Am I a fucking moron? Why would I bring harm to myself?”
Who used his email to send out this video? Was it Wendy? Or Boyce?
Those two were the only ones garnering his suspicion because they were directly involve in this matter. With the leaking of this video, Wendy wouldn’t have gained anything from it, and to make things worse her father would lose face because of it besides having nothing to gain for herself too. She might not be the one who had done that.
Boyce was the only one left worthy of suspicion.
With the release of this video, it solidified the fact that he was the one getting framed here.
However, how did Boyce get ahold of this video? Did someone record him and Wendy engaging in a meet-up and wanted to suck up to him by gifting this video? Or did Boyce discover the existence of this video himself?
Michael felt his brain melding into a huge colossal mess. He couldn’t make sense of the current situation.
In the end, if this matter boiled to the point of public knowledge, he wouldn’t have anything to gain and he would have everything to lose. 
“Michael.” Officer Sharp came over and said, “Mr. Shawn asked you to go pay him a visit in his office.”
#####Chapter 857 I Regret Beating You up So Late
Michael pretended to be calm and composed as he fixed his collar, “What does Mr. Shawn want with me?”
Officer Sharp replied, “I am in the dark about that. You will know when you go now.”
Michael stopped asking and surmised that it must be about what had gone down today. Now that a piece of evidence was against him, Mr. Shawn must be taking this chance to interrogate him. What else could he want other than that?
He took in a deep breath and walked out of his own office and came knocking on the door of the station head.
There was a muffled reply from inside the office immediately.
Michael pushed the door open to enter the office.
Boyce was in a phone call at that moment, and upon seeing the visitor, he gestured to him to take a seat.
Michael pulled the chair in front of the desk and take a seat. His heart was racing with anxiety, but he made sure his face didn’t show any of that.
Hierarchy would always trump over anything, and what’s more, his superior was levels higher than him in position. In the first place, he was at a disadvantage when faced with this particular superior, and now that his apparent weak point was caught, he could only be the lamb waiting for the slaughter. 
“I understand.” Boyce ended his call very hastily and he put the phone back to its curb. 
“I don’t have anything to say to defend myself.” Immediately after Boyce putting the phone down, Michael began, “You can subject me to any punishment you see fit.”
At this moment, there was still an air of arrogance on him. He didn’t completely submit himself and lower his stance. 
Boyce leaned backwards onto his chair and watched him without any expression, “Punishment is the bare minimum here.” And then he suddenly took a sharp turn in the conversation, “Didn’t you want to handle that 218 case? You will be on it from now on. I want to see results in ten days.”
Michael’s eyes widened in disbelief as he stammered, “I—Is this my punishment?”
Boyce replied curtly, “Yes.”
“….Stop trying to buy over me. I won’t side with you no matter what. Come what may, I will receive any kind of punishment you throw at me.” Michael seemed reluctant to accept the token of goodwill from Boyce.
“This is precisely my way of punishing you. If you think it is too light, then what about closing the case in five days?”
Boyce picked up the white porcelain cup from his desk and took a sip of tea from the contents. The cup seemed warm as he took another sip before replacing it on the desk.
Michael was a little full of himself, but he was not someone incapable when it was about work. When Boyce was still the deputy officer of station, Michael always felt indignant and unwilling to accept him for that role since he always viewed Boyce’s appointment as the result of extra care from Officer Miller. He would never acknowledge other’s ability since long ago.
The reason he purposely used Michael’s email to send out that video was to cut off all routes of escape for Michael. 
Wendy must be thinking right now that Michael was the one betraying her, which would lead to her putting up a firm stance opposite him. The chances of them working together again were slim to none. 
“You better not try to buy me over” Michael was still insistent in his stance.
Boyce laughed lightly, “Why would I try to buy you over? I will only use people who are capable, so if you can’t close this case properly, more punishment will be waiting for you. That’s all; you can continue your work.”
Michael couldn’t grasp Boyce’s intention at all, so he continued to probe, “Aren’t you angry?”
“Of course.” Boyce admitted, “I was almost fired from my job due to that investigation. You think I won’t be angry? However, for something that was not my doing, I believe my superiors will give me a fair judgment. I believe in the organization and party, but as for you, I don’t think you are a vile person. You are targeting me because of your self-fueled belief that you are somewhat capable, but in the end your efforts didn’t gain any trust from others.”
All of a sudden, a sharp glint descended upon Boyce’s eyes “Then, did you ever try to find fault from yourself?”
Michael said nothing.
“First of all, your attitude needs some tweaking.” Boyce simply touched on the topic, “Enough, I still have things to do. You can dismiss now.”
Michael glanced at him before getting up to leave.
His mind was replaying Boyce’s words. Was there something wrong with him?
The moment the door shut, Boyce heaved a sigh of relief. He picked up his hat and wore it before leaving his office.
The phone call a while ago was from Officer Miller. He had asked for a meet-up.
It must be because he somehow got news of what happened today.
Boyce left the police station and hopped onto his car and drove towards Officer Miller’s house.
It had been a while since he visited, and after today, it might as well be his last time visiting. 
When he reached Officer Miller’s house, he raised his hand to knock on the door.
In no time, the door was opened from inside and only Officer Miller and Wendy was at home. Mrs. Miller was diverted to another place by Officer Miller as he knew very well his wife’s temperament. If she were here, she would begin to defend Wendy all over again.
“Come right in.” Officer Miller opened the door.
Boyce entered the house with his lips pressed into a line.
After shutting the door, Officer Miller poured two glasses of water and came over. He placed on of the glasses in front of Boyce.
He sat down and began, “I have learnt everything.”
Boyce didn’t respond because he knew Officer Miller wasn’t finished yet. He must have more to say.
Sure enough, he added, “I have some responsibility also in this matter. It’s my fault for not educating my daughter well.”
He barked in a hushed voice, “Wendy!”
Wendy came towards him in respond.
“Apologize to Boyce now.” 
Wendy tried to resist indignantly, “I don’t…
Slap!
The moment she said something, Officer Miller landed a slap on her face as he roared, “I am embarrassed so much because of you. You have done something so despicable and dirty, yet you still want to argue. This is way too much.”
Boyce pretended not to see this scene as he took the glass of water and took a sip.
Wendy cupped her cheeks and her eyes began to sting with tears. She was staring at Officer Miller incredulously, “Dad, how can you hit me?”
Ever since she was young, she was never hit by him. However, that was changed now.
“I am your daughter, you know.” Wendy’s eyes were reddish.
“It’s precisely because you are my daughter that I have hit you. I regret for not hitting you earlier, or else you won’t create such mishap!”
#####Chapter 858 Children is a Debt of their Parents
Officer Miller’s face began to grow redder and redder.
Wendy could not take it anymore.
“Dad, I am your one and only daughter, so why are you giving so much care to an outsider? Am I your offspring, or is he?” Wendy still couldn’t figure out Officer Miller’s bizarre action. She pointed at Boyce and asked vehemently.
Officer Miller clutched his chest and felt his rage consuming him. Why was this daughter of his so disobedient and unwilling to take an advice?
“Are you trying to make me so mad that I can die?” Officer Miller was breathing heavily as he said that.
Wendy cried until her whole face was covered in goo and ears, “You are always protective of him and you didn’t so much as give me half of that attention while I am your daughter. Ever since I was a child, have you ever cared for me? Don’t you think it’s too late to educate me now?”
Officer Miller was staggering backwards until his butt hit the sofa. He looked like he had just heard the most unbelievable thing in the world. He was always busy, so his daughter was raised mostly by his wife. Of course, Wendy would take after his wife in the way that both of them were pretty unreasonable. 
“It’s my fault, it’s all my own fault.” Officer Miller was in so much grief. 
He didn’t watch over her a lot when she was a child, now that she was an adult, it seemed that he had lost his authority to have a word with her. 
He was deeply regretful.
He regretted that he didn’t accompany her in her growing days and educate her.
“Dad.” Wendy was shocked by her father’s complexion as she hurried forward to calm him down. Officer Miller had such a distorted expression that she was afraid that he would faint.
Officer Miller was beginning to enter his twilight years, and he had served as the head officer of the station for an extended period of time. He was always serious in work which made him a respected man, and even after his retirement, his former subordinates and colleagues would greet and welcome him with open arm, yet at this moment…
His own daughter was so ridiculous that he felt that he had lost all face!
With his breathing still short and ragged, he said while giving a stern stare at her daughter, “You are right. I have brought you into this world, yet I didn’t raise you up well. Now that you have made a mistake, I am actually the one to be blamed. I am the one at fault here.”
“I am your father after all, and I have some responsibility in your actions and mistakes. If you don’t want to apologize, I will do that in your place!” Officer Miller turned to look at Boyce, “I didn’t raise my daughter well…”
“Dad, don’t apologize to him. He thought that by taking over the head officer’s position he could be so disrespectful now. He is able to achieve whatever up till this point because of your help, but now just because of something so minor, he wants to find fault with you. He doesn’t know what is gratitude, and someone like that is not someone to be respected!”
“You…” Officer Miller’s face was ugly with a greenish color as if the next thing to expect from him was him passing out on the spot.
Boyce sighed secretly as he wasn’t actually that petty when it comes to his former superior. He was loathing his own daughter to the core, and that warranted Boyce’s attention now.
“Officer Miller, I am not angry.”
Officer Miller held Boyce’s hand and he struggled mightily to make himself able to speak. Only after a short while did he open his mouth, “I am sorry to you.”
Her daughter had committed more than just a single mistake. 
He knew that very well.
“Wendy, oh Wendy. We must talk reason all the time. Tell me, what did Boyce do that offend you? Can you force things without any real feelings between two people? You didn’t just stop at the first mistake, and I didn’t think I had it in me to scold you. Like you said, I care for you too less so I am not worthy to reprimand you. I just feel sorry for you, and that is why I chose to turn a blind eye towards what you have done.”
His breathing continued to struggle and he was hammering his chest now. Otherwise, his breathing wouldn’t get smooth.
“To spoil a child is like killing a child! I am wrong all the while. I should not let you do as you please all the time.” The ever-dominant and prideful Officer Miller had a streak of tear down his cheeks. This showed that he was really upset.
Wendy was very startled at what she was seeing. Her father was always a towering, strict figure in her heart, but now he was actually crying in front of an underling. He was a ghost of his former glorious self. He always cared about dignity, yet now… All of a sudden, she felt empathetic towards her father and she hugged him, “Dad, I know I am wrong now…” Wendy began to wail in Officer Miller’s embrace.
Officer Miller caressed his daughter’s hair and said, “If you carry yourself well, people will see it; If you don’t do that, someday, someone will discover your ugly self too. What you need to do is to be able to live up to your own name and be free of guilt. Think carefully, since your divorce, how many things have you done wrong? If you are always faithful towards Boyce, and based on his temperament, he would have treated you like a gem. You are the one who kept making mistakes and losing your chances, so you have no right to blame others.”
Wendy didn’t say anything to retort her father, which was an indication that some of those advice must have registered with her.
Officer Miller sighed and said to Boyce,” If I still have any weight in your heart, I should capitalize on my seniority and hope that you can forgive her this time. I give you my word that she won’t do anything to you from now on.”
Since Officer Miller had steered the conversation into such a direction, Boyce couldn’t just press his former boss further, “I won’t pursue this matter. I was at fault too last time, since I was the one going back on my own words. I was wrong too. Wendy, I am sorry.”
Wendy did make a lot of mistakes, which was an irrefutable fact. He had to admit that he wasn’t a saint without errors too, and he also hoped that Wendy could become more reasonable in the future contrary to just blaming others and biting others hard without taking a good look at the mirror herself.
He hoped that Wendy could see very clearly where her flaws were and value the good things others brought to the table.
Wendy continued to sob and cry in her father’s embrace, “I don’t want to listen to you apologizing to me. Go away now, and don’t ever appear in front of me again!”
Alas!
Officer Miller let out a sigh again, “They say that children will always be a debt to their parents, and they are certainly not wrong.”
Boyce stood up, “Officer Miller, please take good care of your health. There won’t be anyone spreading nonsensical rumours about this matter, and that is because it’s you who’s in the centre of the matter. If it were anybody else, I wouldn’t have just let this go so easily. After all, this matter was a huge pain in my ass, since I was just promoted and immediately a complaint against me was filed. So many people want to see me turn into a joke.”
This was also a sign of respect towards Officer Miller and he wanted to prove using action that he wouldn’t pursue the matter with Wendy too. However, he needed to remind everyone that there were limits to him too.
Officer Miller was someone very fast on the uptake, so he naturally could read between the lines, “You don’t have to worry…”
“From now on, we won’t have anything to do with each other anymore. You will walk on your own single-plank bridge, and I will walk my own path too. We won’t interfere and indebted to each other in any way, and we won’t have anything to do with each other even until death!”
Wendy interrupted her father and roared at Boyce, “It’s not like you are the only man in this world. It’s hard to find a toad with two legs, but that is not the case with men. You are nothing so great!”
Boyce’s expression was hard and solemn, and he only looked at her calmly, “I really do hope for your best. We have known each other for a long time, and I still reserve some respect for you.”
Wendy froze for a moment as she realized that her vehement outpouring of emotion was met with his strangely calm gaze, which only made her look grotesque and ugly. For some time, she didn’t know what to say anymore.
“I’m taking my leave. Take care, Officer Miller.” He announced his departure and turned to leave.
After getting off the elevator, a whiff of fresh air welcomed him in the corridor. He stood firmly on the ground and let out a long, hard breath before finally marching forward. 
On the day of the Mid-Autumn festival, Boyce brought Jasmine to the supermarket to procure some goods. Of course, that included the moon cake.
He didn’t buy it just for their own enjoyment. Those moon cakes could be used as gifts as family would gather during the Mid-Autumn festival. It was boring just for him and Jasmine to linger at home, so they brought those moon cakes as gifts and visited the old mansion.
When he and Jasmine arrived, they stumbled upon Dr. Jason at the door. He didn’t look very good.
#####Chapter 859 It Might Happen Tonight
Boyce promptly asked him about Jayden’s condition, fearing that his condition was getting worse.
Dr. Jason nodded with a grave expression, “Tonight might be the night. His condition is worsening at an alarming rate.”
Upon hearing the doctor’s premonition, Jasmine nervously wrapped her arm around Boyce’s. She could imagine the heavy atmosphere in the house now. 
Boyce wasn’t fazed as much as he held Jasmine’s hand, “After entering the house, pretend that you are clueless about anything. Just act naturally like usual.”
At this kind of critical juncture, the more careful one acted, the more sensitive others would be.
Jasmine nodded. 
Boyce produced those moon cakes they had brought from the boot together with some gifts. It was a celebration today, so it would be unbecoming of him to come empty-handed.
After making sure he had brought the gifts, he asked Dr. Jason, “Dr. Jason, aren’t you going in?”
Dr. Jason replied, “I need some fresh air out here. I will be in soon.”
Boyce nodded and entered the house with Jasmine.
Jessica was holding the little one in the living room, and Andrew and Amanda were in Jayden’s makeshift ward. She had folded a lot of paper cranes, and she was hanging them all over the house. Kevin was holding the stool while she was standing atop the stool.
Jayden had said that today, he wanted to eat some dumplings with spicy beef fillings.
This was Victoria’s favorite food when she was still alive. Jayden didn’t have any special longing for those, but he always gobbled up a lot every time. For some reason, he craved for the dumplings heavily today.
Dolores was making the dough and Matthew was slicing some green peppers. When the dough was done, Matthew was still not done yet. Dolores took over the knife and instructed, “Let me slice them. You can cut the beef.”
No technique was needed to cut meat, so Dolores placed those beef on a clean cutting board and handed a meat cleaver to him. He accepted it silently and began cutting the meat.
His movement was augmented.
Dolores glanced at him but said nothing. He continued to slice those peppers into small pieces.
After half an hour, the meat was cleanly cut, and Dolores asked him to wash his hands, “I will make the sauce.”
“Let me do it. Just tell me what to put in there.” Matthew took out a huge bowl from a cupboard and put in the freshly-cut meat into the transparent bowl. Dolores gave him some pepper broth which she had prepared earlier, “You need to empty this broth in three turns into the meat fillings. Every time you do that, you need to stir the whole thing in one singular direction until the meat absorbs all of the essence.”
Matthew did just as he was told.
While he was making sauce, Dolores began to knead the dumpling skins. 
As she kneaded, she watched Matthew and instructing him what to put into the bowl, “Finely-chopped onion, finely-chopped garlic, salt… and then put the chili to mix it together thoroughly.”
Matthew obeyed those instructions firmly.
Dolores had done kneading a dozen dumpling skin and she then proceeded to teach Matthew how to use them to wrap around the fillings. Although they didn’t look spectacular, he was able to finish filling the skins in no time.
“That’s all.” Dolores let him continue on his own as she busied herself with kneading more skins.
There weren’t anyone coming into the kitchen, and this might very well be Jayden’s last dinner. It was ample that they paid their respects and filial piety. 
When the sky turned dark and after two hours had passed, they finally completed the dumplings. 
Dolores poured in some water and Matthew tossed those dumplings into the wok to cook them.
After ten minutes, every dumpling was finally cooked, and Dolores scooped them up onto a plate. She took a tray from the cupboard and placed the plate of dumplings on it. She even poured a small serving of vinegar and chopped garlic and placed them together on the tray.
“Go send it in.”
Matthew looked up at her and said, “I’ll go.”
He took the tray and turned to leave the kitchen.
Dolores proceeded to clean the kitchen and after she was done, she came out and saw Boyce and Jasmine. She asked chirpily, “When did you guys arrive?”
Jasmine came to her and answered, “Some time ago.”
She reached out to hug Dolores and said, “I will be staying here with Boyce tonight.”
Dolores nodded and said in a cracked voice, “If something happened, help me too watch the children.”
Jasmine replied, “Don’t worry, I will look after them.”
Dolores sat on the sofa and took Amanda into her arms. She was very obedient today and she was now clinging to her mother like a sweet child.
The other kid was asleep, and Jessica carried him into his room.
The door to Jayden’s room opened and Matthew emerged with an empty tray. He looked at Dolores and whispered, “One more helping.”
Dolores froze for a moment before returning her daughter to the sofa. She then got up and headed to the kitchen. 
Matthew followed her from behind.
She switched on the stove to boil some water, “Did he finish everything?”
During this period of time, Jayden didn’t eat much every meal. This current one was not less in the slightest, and it would take half an hour normally. However, judging from his eating speed today and his abnormal craving, she began to grow worried. 
“Eating too much…”
“He commented that the taste is identical to mum’s cooking. If he wants to eat more, just let him be.”
#####Chapter 860 I Resemble You Too
Dolores turned up the heat and refilled the bowl. Matthew then left with the tray.
Since the afternoon, Carol and Jessica had been busy preparing for the reunion meal at night. The whole table was full of delicacies but no one was eating them now. Everyone seemed to lose their appetite.
This time, when Matthew sent in a new serving of dumplings, Jayden only managed to eat two. He said, “Ask… Kevin to come in.”
Matthew went out to summon Kevin.
Kevin’s eyes were reddened and there were moisture in them too. He sat on the edge of the bed and said, “Whatever you want to tell me, I am all ears.”
Jayden began, “I have something to tell you… If I were gone, you must look after them more.”
Kevin knew who he was referring to. He assured Jayden, “Don’t worry. Your child is Victoria’s child, no? His wife and children are naturally my relatives too. As long as I’m around, I will help you to look after them.”
Jayden slowly nodded as if he was satisfied with what he heard.
“I think… I am almost on my way to see her.”
His voice was especially hollow and weak.
Kevin held his hand and for some reason he couldn’t stop shaking. He still had something to say, but all he could manage was to let his tears flow.
Jayden curled his lips slightly and teased, “Why are you crying now?”
Kevin wiped his face and knew that his control over his emotion was deteriorating with his advancing age too. He said, “I don’t want to cry, but I can’t stop myself.”
Jayden was at death’s door, and his mind had transcended everything, “Aren’t humans bound to face this at some point or other?”
It was the natural law of life and death. It was something nobody could alter.
He heaved a few heavy breaths, and his eyes were muddy. However, his mind was strangely crystal clear. He murmured, “Matthew…”
Kevin got his intention immediately and he went to summon Matthew.
Matthew approached Jayden’s bed and Jayden seemed to be in some limbo for a moment. He then asked, “Am I looking very tired?”
He said this out of the blue.
Matthew said nothing as he silently gazed at Jayden’s bloodshot eyes.
From the time Kevin was in the family, Matthew never had a good relationship with Jayden. Eventually he left home and was rarely back here. This father and son duo had missed a lot of time together.
In his growing days, there was a lot of resentment.
This was what hurt him deeply.
He had missed too many things, too much…
“I know, you have been lonely…” Suddenly, Jayden raised his hand as if to grasp something in the air. Matthew bent down to grab the half-extended hand made sure his palm was against Jayden’s
Matthew’s voice was trembling, “You didn’t have much happy memories when you were growing up, and it’s all my fault… I shouldn’t have concealed the truth from you and allowed you to miss so many things, especially the warmth of a complete family.”
If he were to reveal that secretly honestly long ago, the three of them would have been a great family with great relationship. 
It was him who planted those regrets in Victoria’s and Matthew’s heart.
His regret was deeply-rooted.
He slowly let out a faint sigh, but that sigh alone contained all the sorrow in the world.
Matthew felt his airway getting constricted.
Jayden blinked and his hand wavered, “Ask Lola to see me. I need to talk to her.”
Matthew went to summon Dolores.
Upon seeing Dolores, a smile sprang to his face. He was really fond of his daughter-in-law, and he wouldn’t worry much about her, “Lola, oh Lola, you need to watch over Matthew for me now.”
Dolores stood beside Matthew and nodded, “I will.”
“You are the obedient one, so I won’t worry… I feel sorry for him. He never knew what a family’s warmth was before marrying you…”
A bead of tear immediately flowed from her eyes upon hearing that. She hastily raised her hand to wipe it away as she eyed Matthew, “He’s my husband, and the father to my children. We are a family, and I will always take care of him, and give him the family he needs.”
“Good, good…” Jayden sounded breathless as his breathing became intense. Dolores was gripped by fear when she saw his condition, “Dad…”
She thought that she was composed enough, but every time she spoke, her voice would never fail to crack. 
Matthew wasn’t as emotional as Dolores, but his body was visibly trembling from time to time.
After two minutes, Jayden finally eased himself by letting out a breath, “I am fine…”
“Where is Amanda and Andrew? Why didn’t they come to see me?” If one were to ask about his regrets, it would be his precious grandchildren. 
They were lively, innocent and always surrounding him. Matthew as a child never did that to him, so he was able to get some consolation from these grandchildren and see some shadow of his son from the past.
He saw that Andrew looked practically identical to Matthew as a kid, and he would always had the illusion that the young Matthew had finally come to his side now. It was to fill in the void of that lost relationship.
Dolores called the children over and she lowered herself beside them. She reminded them, “Grandpa wants to see you two, and whatever grandpa says later, you must listen and agree to it. Got it?”
Andrew naturally understood, and Amanda on the other hand was suddenly more mature, which was out of character despite the heavy atmosphere looming over the house. She nodded like a good child.
Dolores stood up and led the two of them into the room. They walked to the bed and she made them stand by the head of the bed.
Upon seeing the two kids, Jayden grinned ear to ear.
“Amanda.”
He reached out to touch Amanda’s face and said, “You look like your father.”
Andrew was leaning on the bed as he chipped in, “I resemble you too.”
Jayden smiled heartily.
Amanda also leaned on the bed and held her grandpa’s hand and pulled it to her face, “Grandpa, I look like you too.”
Jayden said, “You are my granddaughter… of course you look like me.”
She responded by touching her grandpa’s face too. His face was lacking in flesh, and he had withered into a fragile figure in the days he was sick. 
“Focus on your studies, and listen to your dad and mum…”
“We will.” The two children answered simultaneously.
#####Chapter 861 The Last Family Reunions
Jayden’s eyes were flooded with some tears.
He had never shown his reluctance towards his son, but he was now reluctant to leave them.
How lovely they were but he couldn’t even watch them grow up.
“Grandpa today is the Mid-Autumn Festival. Grandmother and Coral had made a table of dishes. My teacher told me that we should eat moon cakes during the Mid-Autumn Festival since it is a festival for family reunions. Grandpa, do you want to eat some moon cakes?” Amanda talked beside Jayden’s ear.
Jayden asked, “What kind of fillings for the moon cakes?”
“According to the details on the box, there are salted egg yolk fillings, five kernels’ fillings and ham fillings…”
Amanda rattled off a bunch of words and finally said, “Which one do you want to eat, grandpa?”
Jayden was in trance, and he just realized that it was the Mid-Autumn Festival that day.
It was a nice day.
How could one not eat moon cakes for the Mid-Autumn Festival?
He then replied to Amanda that he wanted five kernels filling cakes.
Dolores said she would go and get it, but Amanda pulled her back and stopped her. She wanted to do it by herself, and she ran out with her little legs. After a while, she brought in a piece of moon cakes and she leaned over the bed and said, “The piece is too big for you to bite so I have broken it up.”
Amanda broke the moon cakes in half, revealing the filling inside which consist of walnuts, almonds, sesame seeds and melon seeds…
She broke a small piece and passed it to her grandfather’s mouth, she said, “Grandpa, try it…”
Jayden opened his mouth to bite the moon cakes fed by his granddaughter.
“Is it delicious?” Amanda asked with a smile, her eyebrows arched when she smiled. Jayden nodded and said, “Yummy.”
Andrew fed him some water as he was afraid that he would be thirsty after eating the moon cakes.
Jayden couldn’t drink anymore after two sips.
His face became more and more pale and waxy, and his eyes were dull and muddy.
Joshua, who was sleeping in the room, woke up and cried incessantly. Jessica couldn’t coax him to stop crying so she brought him to Dolores. Once Dolores hugged him, Joshua stopped crying immediately but there were still tears in his eyes.
Jayden waved towards Joshua and tried to look at him, but he realized that he had no energy to speak anymore.
Dolores realized Jayden’s intention and she immediately turned Joshua towards him. Joshua stared at Jayden with his big round eyes even though he might not see him clearly.
Everyone outside the room came in and gathered around the bed to get a last look at him.
Jayden looked into Joshua’s eyes with a smile and he slowly closed his eyes.
“Grandpa!” Amanda grabbed Jayden, “Please don’t sleep and talk to me more…”
Andrew’s tears dropped immediately, he understood better than his sister that his grandfather might have left them permanently. He would not be able to talk with them anymore; to send him back after school; to teach them homework…
“Grandpa…”
After hearing the sounds which came from the room, Dr. Jason came in to examine Jayden. After examining, he looked up at the time and shook his head at Matthew. 
His action had symbolized that Jayden had passed away.
With his hands behind his back, Matthew nodded to Dr. Jason, indicating that he knew.
“Let’s see what time it is, it’s quarter past twelve now.” He passed away after spending his festival of family reunions.
Dr. Jason sighed, “My condolences.”
The hands behind Matthew's back were clenched together, he was trying to restrain his emotions strongly, "Boyce, can you help me to send Dr. Jason back?"
Boyce walked over and Dr. Jason said, “No need to send me back, I’ll leave by myself. You might need someone here to help you.”
There would be a lot of work for the funeral.
“Then I’ll bring you to the entrance,” Boyce said.
Dr. Jason nodded.
Amanda, who was lying on the edge of the bed, couldn’t wake Jayden up and she tilted her head to ask Dolores, “Mummy, why isn’t Grandpa talking to me anymore? When will he wake up from his sleep?”
“Grandpa won’t wake up anymore,” Andrew choked out.
“You’re lying!” Amanda couldn’t believe what Andrew said. Her eyes were red and there were tears in her eyes, “Andrew, you’re such a bastard! Why are you saying that grandpa won’t wake up?”
Her tears dropped right after she said the sentence.
Dolores passed Joshua to Jessica. Jessica wiped her face before she carried him.
She also wiped her daughter’s tears.
Amanda hugged Dolores’s waist and buried her face in her arms, “Mummy, does grandpa really leave us?”
Dolores was so upset that she couldn’t speak for a long time.
It took a moment to calm down before she said to her daughter, “Grandpa has gone to another world…”
The room was filled with sadness.
There were sobbing sounds around the room as the moment of separation was always sad. 
That was unstoppable.
Dolores wiped away her tears and beckoned toward Jasmine, “Help me to bring these two children to their rooms.”
Everyone was still grieving for Jayden’s death, someone had to be there to control the situation.
Jasmine pursed her lips and walked over, picking Amanda up but Amanda was reluctant to leave, and she grabbed the corners of the blanket, “I don’t want to leave grandpa…”
She was crying sadly.
Andrew pulled the blanket and whimpered, “I’m not going to leave, I want to stay with grandpa. I won’t be able to see him afterwards. I’ll never see him again…”
Dolores’s tears, which she had originally forced back, fell out all of a sudden.
The two children crying made everyone feel more heartbreaking.
Kevin collapsed on the side of the bed, Dolores immediately held him up, “Mr. Forbis.”
Boyce returned to the room after sending Dr. Jason. When he saw Dolores struggling to hold Kevin up, he came over and held him up.
“Take him back to his room for some rest,” Dolores said in a low voice.
Boyce nodded. As he didn’t see Matthew in the room, he asked in a whisper, “Where is Matthew?”
Dolores didn’t pay attention just now. She just realized that he wasn’t in the room.
“You need to look for him. He must be having a hard time at this moment.” Boyce told Dolores.
She understood it. She nodded and helped Boyce to send Kevin back to his room, “You look after him for me.”
She was not at ease as Kevin was so old and still needed to face this heartbreaking situation.
Boyce talked to her to rest assured as he would look after him and let her go to look for Matthew first.
Dolores walked out of the house and saw the light on in the study room, so she walked over there.
When she reached the door, she gently pushed it open.
#####Chapter 862 If Something Was Not Normal, There Must be an Issue
Pushing open the door to the study room, she caught a glimpse of a dark figure at the desk.
The room was lit with a white lap. The room was deadly quiet, and a wide desk was placed in the middle of the wide room.
There were brushes, papers, ink and inkstone on the top of the table where Jayden used to practice his calligraphy on the table
However, the man who used to hold the brush and bow down to practice calligraphy in front of the table was no longer there.
The black ink inside the inkstone which was placed on the table had already dried up. The fragrance of ink had filled the room.
She then walked over and looked at the man who was standing in front of the table. She hesitated several times as she didn’t know how to speak to him at that moment. So, she went over to him and embraced him.
After a long time, she said hoarsely, “Someone will come in the evening, you have to adjust your emotion as soon as possible.”
Matthew looked around the room which made him feel two contradictory feelings. The room was familiar to him but also unfamiliar to him at the same time. He then said in a low and hoarse voice, “Lola, I’ve lost another family member.”
He had lost his mother and now he had lost his father.
A lump came into her throat, so she hugged him tightly with her arms. She was choking with sobs, “You still have me and our children. We'll always be with you…”
Matthew wrapped her in his arms as he was pushing too hard, Dolores’s body almost crashed in. He buried his face in her chest and his body was trembling lightly.
Dolores could not find any words to comfort him and what she could do was merely keep him company quietly.
After a long time, Matthew released her until the sky outside was turning brighter. 
Dolores looked at his calm face and knew that he was hiding all his sorrow and sadness at that moment as it was not the time for him to grieve.
Since Jayden had passed away, he must take care of the funeral well so Jayden’s soul would be allowed to go in peace. 
Knock, knock…
There was a sudden knock on the door.
Matthew said, “You may come in.”
Coral pushed the door open and said, “Someone is coming and crying in the room.”
Coral had previously met this person who seemed to be the one and only clan member of the Nelson family. 
“I know.” Matthew stood up. The two children didn’t really rest well at night, so he asked Dolores to look after the children while he went to the room. 
Before he could enter the room, he heard a cry which was loud but without any sad emotion.
He was just doing some superficial actions.
When Matthew walked into the room, he saw a man who was dressed in a Mao suit, lying on the bed, and crying.
Although Matthew had never seen him before, he still could recognize he was Jayden’s cousin. 
He was Matthew’s uncle.
He didn’t get along with people much due to his handicap.
The man was thin and slender, he had combed black hair mixed with white hair. His skin was white and there were some age spots on his face. Overall, he looked quite spiritual. 
He was surprised to see him here so soon. 
“Matthew, why didn't you tell me about my brother’s bad health? I missed seeing him before he left. How can you do something like this as a son?” He was questioning Matthew.
This person must have come to their house with some other intentions once Jayden had passed away as he normally wouldn’t contact them.
What did he want to do?
Matthew slightly narrowed his eyes and said calmly, “Why are you free to come?”
“I…” Benjamin Nelson was speechless for a moment. 
In the past, he also didn’t like to come here, even though he brought his relatives with him.
“My family surname is also Nelson and I’m not an outsider. Your father has passed away, shouldn’t I come?” his voice was stern.
Matthew looked at him in silence, whether he came today sincerely or with other intentions, he could not argue in front of Jayden. As the deceased was the greatest, he had to let him go with peace of mind.
"I know a good funeral service..."
"I've already arranged it." Matthew interrupted him.
Benjamin looked slightly embarrassed as he felt that Matthew didn’t show respect to him and be polite towards him.
In fact, Matthew didn’t want to confront him. After all, Benjamin was still his relative. If he was a person who connected with them regularly, he could get by with a good attitude. But when a person who normally wouldn't greet him suddenly became “warm and passionate” toward him, it would only make him think more.
If he had come over during the day, Matthew would not have thought anything of it. 
He couldn’t stop thinking about the reason behind why Benjamin knew Jayden’s death so quickly and pretended to be sad.
As the saying went, when things were not normal, there was always an issue!
Benjamin grunted and left the room in disdain.
Matthew didn’t say anything, but he took a glance at the bed. There were some emotions in his eyes, but he quickly regained his composure. He had hidden all his emotions to the deepest level within his heart. 
He took out his phone and dialled a number out. After a few words, he hung up and put the phone back, slowly walking over to the bed.
Dolores went to the room upstairs to look after the children where Jessica was taking care of them. Joshua was awake but he wasn’t crying or making a fuss. 
Jessica told Dolores that both Andrew and Amanda had been crying for a long time and had only gone to sleep when they were tired of crying. However, they didn’t sleep very well as they would wake up sometimes and look for their grandfather once they’re awake. 
She watched the children for a while and saw that none of them had woken up. Therefore, she was initially planning to go downstairs and see who was coming, but when she pushed the door open, she saw Matthew sitting on the chair at the end of the bed.
She gently closed the door behind her again.
This might be the last moment that Matthew could spend his time with Jayden, and he could never see his father again.
As the dawn broke, the other would be coming shortly, the last moment he had with Jayden was running out, so she didn’t go in to disturb him.
At nine o’clock, the funeral service came to take Jayden’s body away. Matthew went together with Boyce while Dolores was staying at home.
Once the news was out, people would visit their home. Dolores had to accommodate the guests at home. According to their custom here, the family had to hang white clothes. 
However, Matthew had already decided on that. The funeral service would come over to make arrangements and to be in charge of all the matters. What she needed to do was to accommodate the guests.
There would not be too many people coming as that day was not Jayden’s Memorial Day.
“Why is the house so deserted?” A woman in a black dress entered the door. 
Dolores didn’t know this woman, but she thought that this woman must have had a good relationship with them. If not, she wouldn’t have come over today. No matter what, she was feeling uncomfortable about what she had said. 
What did she mean by “deserted”?
Did she think that people should celebrate cheerfully for the loss of a family member?
She was nonchalant, “Who are you?”
#####Chapter 863 Funeral in Central Funeral Home
The woman raised her eyebrows as if she was not too happy with Dolores' attitude towards her.
“According to the family hierarchy, you should call me Aunt.”
Dolores really couldn't recall that she had ever met that woman, and as far as she knew, the Nelson family didn't have many relatives, let alone one who could make her call her “Aunt”. 
The woman walked in without permission and said, “Pour me a glass of water.”
“Mrs. Nelson.” Coral pulled Dolores to the side and whispered by Dolores' ears, “That’s probably the wife of the old master's younger cousin, who is sterile, eccentric, and doesn't like to communicate with others.”
Dolores slightly frowned, why she had never heard of that?
Coral didn't know it very clearly either, but she had heard of it, “Seems like because of his health, he seldom communicate with us. He doesn't even show up when you got married, but he appeared quickly during this family matter.”
Even Coral thought it was so fast that it was strange. In Jayden's generation, he only had a younger cousin, the only other person who had WY Group’s stocks.
Dolores indicated that she got it, it was inappropriate to have disturbance in such a crucial moment, since that woman was a relative of the Nelson family, then Dolores should treat her politely.
She went to pour a glass of water, came back, and put it on the table.
Even if the woman showed respect by wearing a black dress, her neck and ears were full of expensive pieces of jewellery. The jewels sparkled more on the liner of her plain coloured dress, she also put on heavy make-up, seemed like she dressed up meticulously, and she was also sitting with her legs crossed at that time without any elegance that she seemed even more disrespectful.
Furthermore, she didn't seem old either, she was probably not 30 years old yet.
“You said that I should call you “Aunt” according to the family hierarchy, and then of course I should call you...”
“Say it, then.”
Before Dolores finished speaking, that woman sat there with an arrogant expression as she interrupted.
“Aunt, do you not understand politeness? Don't you know that interrupting someone when they're talking is impolite?” Dolores lashed back at her, she really couldn't stand her bluffing there, that was the day Jayden had passed away, Dolores was not in a good mood but that woman was so disrespectful.
“You said that you're my Aunt, then you're a very close relative of mine, my father just passed away, our family is all in deep pain while you put on hot red lipstick, didn't you know that it's disrespectful for the deceased?” Dolores suppressed her voice; she didn't want any conflict with anyone at that time.
But that woman's behaviour was really intolerable.
“If you're not sincere, then please just leave, or you can just learn things that you should know when attending a funeral.”
“You...” that woman became angry in an instant but she couldn't refute Dolores' words right away, she held it in for a long time before saying, “Is this how you talk to your senior?”
“Of course I should respect my seniors, if you don't even understand what's so-called ‘respect’, why do you demand others to respect you?”
That woman was so angry that her face was fully red, looking very bad, “You just wait.”
After saying that, she stood up and walked away angrily.
“Mrs. Nelson...” Coral was worried about Dolores so she stepped forward and supported her, Dolores shook her head and said that she was fine.
That woman walked quickly and bumped against the person walking in, she then said, “Don't you have eyes? Watch where you're walking!”
Theresa panicked; she received Boyce's call last night, so she and Armand returned in a hurry.
She walked quickly and didn't think that someone would suddenly walk out of the room, that was why they bumped into each other.
“Sorry...” Theresa apologized.
“You have no manner.” that woman snorted and walked out.
Theresa was dumbfounded as she had never expected that there were still impolite people like that woman who would make uproar at a funeral. 
Who was the one with no manner?
“You're here?” Dolores' voice is a bit hoarse.
Theresa walked over quickly and hugged her, “Are you all right? Armand and I immediately returned after receiving Boyce's call...”
Theresa was choked when she was about to say the latter part, she had stayed in the villa and interacted with Jayden, but then he was gone... She felt sad because she couldn't see him anymore.
Dolores’ feelings that she had controlled was stirred up again.
The edge of her eyes became wet, she told Theresa and Armand to sit and have a rest for a moment.
Armand didn't sit and said that he was going outside for a bit, he immediately called Boyce once he was back, knowing that Boyce was together with Matthew, he originally said that he was also going there but Boyce told him to come to the home first, Dolores was the only one at home, afraid that she couldn't handle it on her own.
Since there was nothing else, he didn't stay any longer.
At night, Matthew and the others were back, Coral and Jessica took care of the children, they cooked some food and put those on the table.
The lights in the study room were on.
They were all inside.
“The day after tomorrow is a good day, it's suitable for burial.” They have the convention to bury the dead soon so that they could fulfil their responsibility and showed their respect to the dead ones. So it wouldn't take too long.
Dolores softly said, “Then what if we arrange the burial on the day after tomorrow? Do we have enough time?”
Boyce said, “The funeral company will arrange it, the funeral will be held in Central Funeral Home.”
Dolores nodded, Boyce was the one who kept talking, Matthew didn't say anything from the start, he just sat on the chair by the window.
“Everyone was busy all day, go out and eat something.” Dolores looked at Theresa and Jasmine, “Eat something, you two.”
They were there all day without eating anything, it was very late.
“Then, let's go out.” Boyce stood up first.
Armand pulled Theresa, walked out, and quickly closed the study room's door.
Dolores walked over and sat on the chair beside Matthew's chair.
#####Chapter 864 Needs Someone by His Side
“A woman came here today, she even told me to call her Aunt, what is her relation to us?” Dolores deliberately spoke about the matter that day.
She knew Matthew's feelings at that time, she deliberately tried to distract his attention with other things.
Matthew looked up, “What woman?”
“She said that I should call her Aunt,” said Dolores.
Matthew quickly understood, she must be Benjamin's woman.
He talked about the matter to Dolores, “We don't have many family members, father had a brother in his generation but he was long gone, while there's only me in my generation. Benjamin should be traced from the previous generation as grandpa also had a younger brother in his generation. But grandpa’s younger brother was not good in business. He had opened two subsidiary companies and both of them went bankrupt, then he also realized that he had no talent in doing business so he stopped. He has WY Group’s stocks and a son, Benjamin, who is in the same generation as my father's. But they didn't really communicate.”
“Since he is eccentric and doesn't really communicate, then how did he know that father had passed away so quickly?” Dolores was confused.
A dark light flashed through Matthew's eyes, when Jayden was alive, he was very well-behaved, then when Jayden had just passed away, he immediately became active, there must be something.
Dolores took the initiative to grab his hand, “No matter what he wants to do, let's leave it for later.”
The most important thing was taking care of Jayden's funeral arrangements, she whispered and asked, “Will he be buried together with mom?”
After Victoria left, Jayden was so sad, he regretted how he didn't show his feelings to Victoria during her lifetime, they were husband and wife for a lifetime, Dolores thought that even if both of them didn't state their feelings to each other, they definitely had such a feeling for each other, staying under the same roof from morning to night, normally, they would naturally have feelings after time.
Sleeping in the same bed and getting buried in the same grave after death was also a good end.
Matthew nodded.
Dolores thought it was good.
Amanda suddenly opened the door, walked in, and threw herself to Dolores' embrace, she carried Amanda to her hips, slightly patting her back, “Are you hungry?”
Amanda shook her head; she leaned on Dolores' embrace and said, “Mommy, I miss grandpa.”
Dolores hugged her tightly, looked down and kissed her forehead.
“Give her to me.” Matthew stretched his hands out.
Dolores gave her to him, Amanda had grown up that she almost couldn't carry her.
“Dad,” Amanda's eyes were quite swollen because she cried and didn't rest well.
Dolores stood up and left the room, there were people in the house, it wouldn't be good if both Matthew and she stayed in the room, there must be someone to greet people outside.
Coral was cleaning the dining table, Dolores walked over, whispered to ask whether everyone had eaten, Coral said that they ate a bit.
Just some soup.
Dolores nodded, walked to the living room, and looked at Jasmine, “Jasmine, have you eaten anything for dinner?”
Jasmine said that she already ate.
“You're pregnant, you shouldn't get tired, just go home with Boyce, there's nothing here now anyway.” Dolores was afraid that Jasmine would get tired and couldn't get a good rest there.
Boyce said, “Then I'll send Jasmine home.”
Afterwards, he would come back.
At such a time, Matthew needed someone by his side.
Even if the funeral company would arrange it, there were still so many things that they should arrange by themselves, there were no relatives that could help them do things, how could she stay out of it at that time?
Dolores nodded, he arranged a room for Armand and Theresa to rest, Armand didn't sleep, Boyce sent Jasmine home and returned.
The three of them went out, Dolores didn't ask anything, she could feel more at ease with the two of them by Matthew's side.
She took care of the children at night, letting Coral and Jessica rest, Coral said, “You can't take care of them by yourself, let me take care of the young one, the other two are sensible and better.”
Jessica took care of Kevin downstairs; Jayden's death had a strong impact on him.
Theresa was also in the room, she couldn't sleep so she went to accompany Dolores and to help them take care of the children as well.
After midnight, everyone was sleepy that they fell asleep one after another.
Dolores narrowed her eyes for a while but she kept dreaming, she then woke up and couldn't sleep anymore, she didn't eat anything for a day and a night that her mouth was really dry... She stood up, covered the two children and Theresa with blankets, she then walked to the table to pour some water, she was going to go back and lay down after drinking it but she realize that there was a dim light outside, she walked to the window, looked down, and found a car parked downstairs, the light inside the car was on, seemed like someone was in it but didn't go down.
Boyce was sitting on the front passenger seat, Armand sat on the driver's seat, and Matthew sat on the back seat by the window... Basically, pretty much all matters had been settled, using all the best cinerary casket, coffin, and many other things.
Those were all consoling for the living ones; people couldn't go back even if they used better things.
Boyce touched the cigarette he was holding with his mouth to give himself a lift, he was the only one who would smoke between the three of them, since Jasmine was pregnant, he thought about stopping.
Matthew stretched his hand out to him, asking for a cigarette, Boyce glanced at him in hesitation but he still took one cigarette out at gave it to him.
Boyce even bent his body back to light the cigarette up for Matthew. 
Matthew had never smoked, but he wanted to use something to calm himself down at that time.
He was not really adapted to such a smell so he choked and slightly frowned.
#####Chapter 865 Joshua Has Gone Missing
Time passed in a blink of an eye. On the day of the funeral, the weather was cloudy and gloomy.
All men who attended the funeral were in jet black suits. The women who accompanied their husbands were also in black dresses, some of them in black suits as well. The women had very light make-up on.
A lot of people attended the funeral. There were at least 1.5 times more attendees than Victoria’s funeral.
Funeral wreaths were lined up from the hall until the road. Dolores and Matthew stood at the entrance of the hall. They were also wearing black and were wearing a name tag, indicating that they were families of the deceased. They greeted and thanked the people who came to mourn for their loss.
“I’m so sorry for your lost, I’m sure that he has gone to a better place.” Marina and Jeffrey came together. They were about to walk into the hall when Marina noticed that Dolores didn’t look so well. She grabbed her hand and said, “You have to take care of yourself, okay?”
Dolores replied, “I will.”
Dolores didn’t have any makeup on. Her hair was tied up into a simple ponytail and a white flower was tucked behind her left ear. Matthew and she thanked Marina and Jeffrey for coming. Marina sighed slightly and walked into the hall with Jeffrey. The hall was huge, solemn and sombre.
They walked into the hall and stopped in the middle of the hall. They said their prayers to the deceased.
After saying his prayers, Jeffrey looked at the black and white picture in front of the casket, its frame was decorated with black and white flowers. He was overwhelmed. His eyes turned red and he remembered the day when Jayden got married to his sister. He was wearing a black suit, he looked tall, handsome yet restrained standing in the wedding hall. He was standing next to his sister, they looked like they were made for each other. But alas, fate made fools of the people. 
In a blink of an eye, they had all aged.
He regretted. He regretted making his sister marry him. He ruined both of their lives. No, three lives. He almost ruined their child’s life as well.
He stared at the picture and whispered in his heart, “Jayden, I’m sorry. You were one step ahead of me. But don’t worry. I will probably meet you soon. When we meet again, I will apologize to you; apologize for everything that I’ve done.”
Ever since he found out the truth, his health degraded. Marina took care of him the whole time.
“Okay, let’s go,” Marina whispered to Jeffrey. There were still a lot of people waiting in line to mourn for Jayden.
Jeffrey nodded. He said his prayers again and whispered, “Rest in peace.”
“My condolence. He has passed on; please take care of yourselves as well.” Kenneth and Camden came together.
Camden who usually dressed unrulily was in a nice black suit today.
Kenneth and Camden tried to comfort Dolores and Matthew as they mourned for the dead.
Benjamin only came over around noon. The woman who made Dolores called her madam last time was here with Benjamin. There were a lot of people and hence she was acting normal and didn’t do anything outrageous today. 
The memorial service went on until 2 pm. Dolores and Matthew stood there from morning till afternoon. Theresa brought them some water and made them drink some. They were standing there the whole time and didn’t have the chance to eat nor drink.
Around 3 pm, it was time for burial.
Black cars, one after another drove through the city. They were heading towards the outskirts.
They stopped by the roadside as they arrived at Q cemetery.
The people got off the car, they were here to see Jayden off for the last time.
Matthew walked in front. He was holding Jayden’s photo. His children were standing next to him. Dolores stood next to her daughter and the others walked behind them. They slowly marched into the cemetery.
A light wind blew, and the conifer trees swayed. The scent of chrysanthemum filled the air, the atmosphere was bleak and dreary.
They stepped on the quartz floor and walked towards the grave. They changed the tomb, there were now two pictures and two names on it. On the left was Jayden’s name, and on the right, his wife’s name, Victoria.
The gloomy sky started raining mildly.
It was also raining when they buried Victoria, but it was raining harder this time.
Matthew looked grim. He bent over and placed the picture in front of the grave. He put his hands together and said his prayer. The others did the same as well.
“Andrew, Amanda, say your prayers to your grandfather and grandmother,” said Dolores softly to her children.
The children walked up and were sobbing. They rubbed their faces and knelt in front of the grave. 
“Grandpa, say hi to grandma when you see her. Tell her that we miss her. We miss you so very much too,” said Andrew with his hands clasped together.
“Dad, we don’t have a grandpa or a grandma anymore,” Amanda cried while holding on to Matthew’s leg.
Matthew squatted down and dried her tears. He hugged both his daughter and his son and said in a low voice, “Don’t cry, your grandfather and grandmother wouldn’t want to see you so sad.”
The children still had tears in their eyes, but they quickly dried their tears upon hearing what Matthew said. They didn’t want their grandparents to see them so anguish, they wanted them to rest in peace.
The day turned dark around 5 pm because it was cloudy, to begin with.
The burial ceremony had ended, and the funeral had ended.
People left one after another. Only Matthew, Dolores and their children were left.
They knelt in front of the grave in the rain, saying their last goodbyes.
Suddenly, Boyce who was waiting outside of the cemetery ran over. He glanced at Dolores and then he whispered to Matthew, “Joshua has gone missing.”
Matthew raised his head abruptly, his gaze turned sharp, “What happened?”
The superstition their family believed in was that pregnant women and babies shouldn’t attend funerals. Babies had pure eyes and they might see something a normal adult couldn’t see. If the baby spotted Jayden, Jayden wouldn’t want to leave.
As it was against the custom for a pregnant woman to attend the funeral, Jasmine stayed home to take care of Joshua.
She went down for a cup of water and the Joshua went missing.
#####Chapter 866 I’ll Give It to You
Boyce didn’t know what happened either. He rushed over to tell Matthew after getting a call from Jasmine.
He was quite anxious right now.
“We cannot waste any time, let’s go back right now,” said Boyce.
“What happened?” Dolores only knew that something was going on, she didn’t hear what Boyce whispered to Matthew.
“We’ll head back first,” said Matthew.
Dolores nodded. Her face was pale and she looked tired. In the last few days after Jayden passed away, she didn’t eat well nor rest well. She looked awful.
It was raining and the floor was slippery. As she was going down the stairs, she missed her step and was about to fall. Luckily, Matthew noticed and quickly grabbed her. He managed to save her from falling.
Dolores frightened herself. She was blacking out, “I’m okay.”
She said as she rubbed her temple.
Matthew held her by the waist. They walked out of the cemetery. He opened the car door and helped her to get into the car; he put the children into the car as well.
“Armand, Theresa.”
Matthew looked at them and said, “Can you bring them back to the mansion?”
“Where are you going?” asked Dolores as she rolled down the window.
“I have something to do with Boyce,” said Matthew calmly, “I’m worried that memories will resurface if you guys head home right now. Let’s stay at the mansion for at least two days for now.”
Dolores said, “But Joshua is still at home. I’m worried.”
She wanted to go back.
Matthew clenched his fist and his emotions were running wild. Though, it wasn’t showing on his face at all, “Let’s stay at the mansion today.”
Dolores didn’t have the chance to say no as Matthew quickly continued saying, “Bring the children home and rest well. Theresa, please take care of them.”
“Don’t worry,” said Theresa as she was getting into the car.
Armand said, “What do you guys need to do? I can come with you…”
“You should head to the mansion as well.” Matthew was worried to leave the women and children alone at the mansion. Hence, he made Armand go with them.
Armand said, “Okay then.”
After they left, Matthew and Boyce quickly rushed home.
Jasmine was so worried she was crying.
She was prancing back and forth in the living room.
She quickly rushed to them when she saw them. She kept on apologizing, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…”
“Stop with the apology for now. Tell us, how did Joshua go missing?” Boyce reached out his hand and dried the tears on her face.
“I was watching Joshua upstairs the whole time, I was the only one there. About an hour ago, I went down to get a glass of water. When I got back to the room, Joshua was gone,” said Jasmine worriedly.
“Think about it carefully, are you sure that nobody came in during that time?” asked Boyce.
He thought that Jasmine might be too anxious and forgot about any suspicious person that she sighted.
Jasmine was extremely distressed. She was told to take care of Joshua, and now Joshua was gone. It was her responsibility to take care of the baby. What if they couldn’t find the baby? How could she face Matthew and Dolores?
“No, no…” Jasmine confirmed that she didn’t see anyone suspicious.
Matthew looked at Jasmine and knew that her head was probably a mess right now. He knew that he couldn’t get any answers from her right now and hence he headed to the study room. There was a surveillance camera at the entrance of the house, he should be able to see if someone entered.
He turned on the computer and the display was all black. The surveillance camera was destroyed.
Boyce was standing next to him, he noticed something immediately, “It’s probably someone we know.” There was only one camera but it was in a rather hidden spot. One shouldn’t be able to notice it unless they went in and out the house very often, “Matthew, I’m sorry.”
Jasmine was his wife. The baby was gone and it was their responsibility.
Matthew narrowed his eyes and stared at the black display. He ignored Boyce and was trying to think. Benjamin was at the funeral today. Because of the funeral, Matthew wasn’t home. And now, the baby was gone. He suspected that Benjamin had something to do with this.
He took out his phone and was about to call someone. Then, Jasmine suddenly entered the room.
“Around the afternoon, the driver came over and he took a look at Joshua.” Before this, she didn’t think too much about the driver as he worked for Matthew for a long time now. She thought that he would be trustworthy if Matthew trusted him. But she thought about it and realized that it was odd that he went upstairs.
Matthew was holding his phone, his hand trembled. He asked, “When?”
“Today,” Jasmine tried to recall, “About 2 pm. He said that you were the one who asked him to come to take a look.”
Matthew didn’t order anyone to come to take a look at Joshua.
“I’ll go search for him.” The driver was always by Matthew side, he was Matthew’s driver and bodyguard. He was extremely suspicious right now.
Boyce’s face turned stern, “I’ll kill him if it is really him!”
It was Jasmine’s first time seeing Boyce enraged. She gulped in fear.
Matthew didn’t stop him. They indeed had to find this person, to have more clues on this matter.
Boyce walked towards the door and suddenly, he saw the driver walking towards him. Boyce was surprised, if it was really him, how could he still have the guts to come here?
“I want to meet Mr. Nelson,” said the driver as he stood in front of Boyce.
Boyce didn’t answer, he brought the driver to the study room.
The study room’s door wasn’t fully closed, it was slightly opened. Boyce opened the door without knocking. Matthew was on the phone, he looked up as he heard noises. 
He looked ferocious when he saw the driver.
“We are both from the Nelson family. My grandfather and your grandfather shared the same mother. Why should you guys hold 80% of WY Group’s share and I only hold 20%? If you want your son, it’s easy. Just give me your shares and I’ll return your son to you.”
Benjamin never dared to pull any tricks back then because he was afraid of Jayden. People tried to make him but he never even dared to imagine. But now, things had changed. Jayden had died!
“I’ll give it to you,” Matthew didn’t even hesitate.
To him, his child was more important than anything.
“Okay, I’ll give you one day to prepare. I’ll see you tomorrow night.”
Matthew put down the phone.
When Boyce went out, his phone rang. It was exactly like what Matthew suspected.
It was benjamin.
“Mr. Nelson.” The driver knelt in front of the table. He was crying uncontrollably, “I had no choice, they kidnapped my wife and threatened me. If I don’t do, as they say, I will lose my wife and my child.”
He thought he could use the baby to exchange for his wife’s and child’s life. He decided to run away, hide, or go as far away as he could after that. But he didn’t. He came back to confess to Matthew.
Matthew was the one who gave him a chance when he was in abjection. Because of Matthew, he didn’t have to worry about a roof above his head or his next meal. Because of Matthew, he and his wife could make a family in this big city. He was grateful, but he had no choice because they threatened him with his family’s life.
Matthew would only place people he trusted to work for him at home. He never treated him badly, and always gave him a lot of work benefits.
Now that he betrayed Matthew, he expected nothing but fury and resentment from Matthew.
“Why didn’t you tell me that they threatened you?” Matthew said sternly, “Do you think that I will let it be?”
“I… didn’t dare to say it. If I tell you about it, they will kill my wife and my child.” The driver kowtowed to Matthew.
Matthew asked in a low voice, “Did you call them on the day that my father died?”
“Yes.” The driver didn’t even dare to lift his head. “He told me to watch over you guys and tell him immediately if something happens.”
#####Chapter 867 He Was Bewitched by That Woman
When the driver decided to come back, he was prepared to accept any punishment.
He raised his head, “I found out that he did this all because he was bewitched by the woman he’s with.”
“How do you know?” Boyce asked.
The driver recalled that when his wife and son were arrested and when he first met Benjamin, the woman talked all the time.
“I won’t lie.” The driver swore.
Boyce walked over, “Is it credible?”
He did not know Benjamin well. If he was bewitched by the woman, that would be easy to settle him. However, if he had been lurking, then he was evil.
Matthew looked down at the ground. He hid his thoughts, ‘Benjamin has always been very down-to-earth. If he’s waiting for the opportunity to fight for the family fortune, his lurking period is too long. He’s old. What’s the purpose for him to grab the family fortune? He doesn’t have any children, so why does he need so much money? Furthermore, he’s rich.’
‘He lives a carefree life these few years and it doesn’t seem that it’s fake.’
‘The change is more like an external cause. It doesn’t seem it had been planned for a long time. It would be stupid if he had planned such a scheme after decades.’  
“Do we still have time now?” Boyce asked.
Matthew looked at the driver and asked, “Have you been to their residence?”
He had heard that Benjamin had many residences. Since he did not like to contact them, he did not pay much attention to them, and it was a waste of time to investigate them now.
The driver nodded hurriedly, trying to redeem his sins by good deeds, “I know. I can bring you there.”
Boyce questioned, “Do you think Benjamin will stay in the place that you know?”
“In their eyes, I am the one who betrayed Mr. Nelson, how would they expect me to come back? They would have thought I had escaped. They would not think that I will bring you there,” The driver said.
Boyce thought that it was feasible and said to Matthew, “When it’s late at night, I’ll ask someone to go and get Joshua back.”
“Boyce, you should arrange two people who are strong to go to the villa first.” He was worried about Dolores and the children there, but if he let Dolores come back, she would know that Joshua was missing and she would definitely be devastated. He deliberately asked her to go to the villa, trying to hide it from her.
“Where is Joshua?” Jessica suddenly broke in.
She had been by Kevin’s side and came back later. Coral was with her. When they heard that Dolores and the two children went to the villa, they cooperated among themselves. One of them went to the villa to take care of them. One of them took care of them in the Flores family. She was not at home for one day. The first thing she did after she came back was to see Joshua, but he was not there.
Jasmine bit her lip. There were tears in her eyes, “Jos…Joshua is...”
“I had asked someone to bring Joshua to the villa.” Matthew stood up and said, “I will also go there later.”
‘I don’t wish to hide the truth intentionally, but if I tell the truth now, I worry that they can’t accept it.’
‘What Benjamin wants now is the family fortune. Before he gets it, I think he won’t harm Joshua, so he’s safe for the time being.’
“Oh.” Jessica did not think much about it. She turned around and left.
Boyce said that he would make the arrangements and he brought Jasmine back too.
After arranging for everything and when it was late at night, the driver brought them to one of Benjamin’s private residences. It was in a secluded place but the location was ideal. 
Modern architecture was technologically advanced. So, the anti-theft system was also excellent. When they had just stepped into the yard, the alarm rang.
Boyce had no choice but to bring his men out first.
It was quite impossible for them to sneak in as they had alerted him.
“There’s an anti-theft system here, but there aren’t many people so we can break into the house,” The driver said. He was still somewhat confident in his ability.
Boyce said calmly, “We don’t know if Joshua is here, so if we break in like this, will we put him in danger in case he’s not here? If he moves Joshua to another place, it will be more difficult for us to find him.”
Matthew weighed the pros and cons in his mind and said, “Since we’ve already alerted him, we’ll make the best of it.”
‘If Joshua is really here, we will definitely have attracted their attention. If Joshua is here, then they will worry that we will find him and they will definitely move him to another place. In this way, we just need to ask someone to guard here and we will be able to find Joshua. If Joshua is not here, they will be more alert.’
“I’ll keep watch here,” Boyce said.
Right now, he could only feel relieved if Boyce was the one who guarded the place.
“I’ll stay too.” The driver was eager to redeem his sins by good deeds.
Matthew did not say anything. He was sort of acquiescing. He turned around and walked towards the car.
He got into the car and started the car engine. When he was about to drive away, the phone in his pocket rang. It was Armand who called. He said that Dolores had a fever.
She had been lying since she went back home. Theresa noticed that something was wrong and then realised that she had a fever.
Matthew said, “I got it.”
He put down his phone and turned the car around to drive towards the villa.
There were no street lights on the road and he relied only on the headlights to illuminate the road. It took him a long time to reach the villa.
There was someone standing at the doorway. They were the men Boyce had arranged for. Matthew entered the house. Armand was in the living room. When he saw Matthew, he stood up from the sofa, “She is upstairs. Theresa had given her the medicine.”
Matthew nodded and asked, “Where are the two children?”
“Theresa had asked them to go to sleep,” Armand replied.
“It’s late now, you shall rest too.” After saying that, he walked upstairs.
He pushed open the door of the bedroom. It was dark. The lights were not switched on. There was no moon tonight. He could not see anything. So, he switched on the light.
Dolores was not woken up by the sound of switching on the light. 
He walked to the bedside and reached out his hand to touch her forehead. It was still a bit hot, probably because she had just taken her medicine not long ago.
He sat on the edge of the bed and looked at her.
She was haggard in just a few days. If she knew that Joshua was missing, it would be even worse for her.
He took out his phone and sent a message to Boyce, asking him to arrange for someone to keep an eye on Benjamin and the woman by his side. 
It did not matter whether he could find him by tomorrow night or not, he would do his best.
#####Chapter 868 Die Without Descendants
Dolores, who was lying on the bed, talked in her sleep suddenly. Her voice was too small and Matthew could not hear it clearly. He put his ear near her lips and he could hear it this time. She was calling his name.
Matthew held her hand and whispered, “I’m here.”
Dolores could not hear it and she called out again, “Matthew---”
Matthew lay on the edge of the bed and hugged her. The hug was very familiar. They shared a bed every night and they had become very familiar with each other.
It was his scent and she knew it. She moved closer to Matthew in a daze, “Matthew, don’t be sad. I’ll stay with you.”
She did not open her eyes, as if she was talking in her sleep.
Matthew opened his eyes. His thick eyelashes fluttered a few times, and then he closed them finally. He only slept for a while and then woke up.
He was very tired these past few days. He was not able to sleep even for a short while as Joshua was missing.
The sky outside was still dark. He helped Dolores to tuck in the quilt and then touched her forehead. The fever seemed to have gone down. It was not hot anymore. However, he could not stay with her now as he had to go and find Joshua.
He looked at her affectionately, got up, walked out gently and closed the door.
He went to Armand’s room after he went downstairs. He asked him to not let Dolores go back today.
Armand felt that something was wrong, “What’s wrong?”
He sat up from the bed.
The lights were not switched on in the room. Matthew stood at the doorway, “Joshua is missing.”
“What?!” Armand shouted subconsciously.
“Lower your volume.” Matthew did not explain much, “Help me to keep an eye on this place.”
Armand nodded, “Don’t worry about it.”
Matthew said yes and left.
At about nine o’clock, he received a message from Boyce. He saw Benjamin and the woman coming out of the house and getting into a car.
He asked Matthew if he wanted to arrest them.
Matthew asked him to continue following them and not to be discovered.
Right now, the most important thing for him was to find Joshua first.
Boyce had been busy. He had not been idle. He was investigating the origins of the woman by Benjamin’s side.
Everything happened for a reason. There were always clues. Furthermore, she was a woman who liked to keep a high profile.
It just took him little time to find out everything about the woman. She was a bar girl. She was a mistress of many rich men before she stayed together with Benjamin. Benjamin was her latest sugar daddy. She was very good at dealing with men and had gotten a lot of money from previous sugar daddies.
She was well-known in her circles for her skill in dealing with men and the amount of money she had gotten from them.
This time, her friends envied her when she got Benjamin as her sugar daddy. Although he was old, he was rich. She might be able to get a lot of heritage if he died one day. It was known that Benjamin was sterile, just that no one discussed it openly. 
Her friends were thinking that after he died, she would be rich and she could find a young man.
“Is that idiot crazy?” Abbott disdained, thinking in his mind, ‘He has found an experienced lady but he was incited to do something stupid by the lady, does he want to die?’
‘He can enjoy the rest of his life in peace, but now he puts himself in danger. It’s true that women are devils, for example, Emma disappeared after putting him into trouble.’
“Shall we arrest her?” Abbott asked.
‘Isn’t Boyce stalking them?’
‘It would be better to arrest Benjamin rather than arresting her.’
‘However, what if he doesn’t say anything after we arrest him?’
‘By that time, we still have to let go of him. After all, Joshua is still with them.’ This is his weakness and he did not dare to take the risk.
“This woman likes money, how about we try to buy her off with money?” Abbott came up with another idea, “We don’t have much time.”
At this time, there was news from Boyce. They went to a club to have fun.
‘It seems we can’t find Joshua by stalking them.’
Abbott also saw Boyce’s message and said, “They need to make use of Joshua, they must be afraid that we find him out, so they must hide him in somewhere which is difficult to be found. We can only catch a random person and ask him or her. If the soft approach does not work, we can use the hard approach. We can use coercion and bribery. How can they still not tell the truth?”
Matthew weighed for a moment. He could not come out with a better solution to get Boyce to arrest them.
At the same time, he needed to have a second plan. He asked someone to make a fake share certificate. The real one was with Dolores. If he went to ask her for it, she would find out.
After receiving the order, Boyce changed his attire and disguised himself as if he was there to spend money but he was ready to find an opportunity to arrest them.
The woman had been following Benjamin. After playing golf for a while, she sat down on the sofa to rest. She sat on Benjamin’s lap and fed him fruit, “What do you think, we can succeed ...”
Before she could finish her words, Benjamin covered her mouth, “Beware of eavesdroppers.”
The woman giggled. She pointed her slender fingers on his forehead, “Look how careful you are.”
Benjamin said, “That’s because you don’t know the temperament of the person with the surname Nelson.”
“Aren’t you also surnamed Nelson?” The woman wrapped her arms around his neck and acted coquettishly. She wore a red dress that made her skin fair and there was a bit red. The neckline of the dress was so low that one could peek inside with a slight lean. She used her pair of thin, fair legs to rub against his body.
Benjamin put his hands on her leg, “You’re naughty even in broad daylight.”
“Don’t you enjoy me doing this?” The woman bent her body, deliberately used her breast to act coquettishly in front of him. Benjamin was old and did not have much energy but he enjoyed watching her act coquettishly in front of him.
She was able to make Benjamin love her, mainly because she understood him well. Such an old man was simply impotent. However, she always pretended that she enjoyed it very much when she had sex with him and that made him feel accomplished.
Benjamin slapped her on the buttocks and said that she was a wanker.
Instead of getting angry, the woman laughed more happily.
Boyce was in another place but he could hear it clearly. There was a chill running down his spine, ‘Doesn’t he know that he’s old? Why doesn’t he feel embarrassed when he talks about this in broad daylight?’
“You said, when you get the company, you will make me become the president. You can’t break your promise.” The woman smiled.
The more the one who came from poor background became high class, the more they want. They felt that it was not enough to have money. They would like to be envied and to be adored.
Benjamin was worried. He had lived a carefree life all these years. However, he could not sleep well last night, especially when the alarm rang. He thought that Matthew had brought someone to arrest him.
“Don’t worry, there will be no mistakes.” The woman was very good at observing, “You just said that your surname is also Nelson. Why should they get all the limelight? Besides, it’s not fair, you are the descendants of the Nelson family, but they hold the power and have the most shares, on the other hand, you only have a small number of shares, why? Don’t you think you’re treated unfairly?”
Benjamin understood that his lineage did not know how to run a business, but he was touched by some of those words.
‘Even if I don’t know how to run a business, they shall have given me equal share, right? But then no.’
“I’ve heard of cases abroad that someone like you could get cured. After you’re cured, we can have a child and he can inherit the family business and pass it on from generation to generation, wouldn’t that be great?” The woman rested on his shoulder, “I hope that I can give birth to your child. If you’re sterile for the rest of your life, you will die without descendants and maybe someone will tease you and think that you don’t deserve to have that twenty per cent of the shares.”
#####Chapter 869 Spend the Night with Me
The woman’s words were laced with a hint of provocation.
It happened to be poking at Benjamin’s weak spot at the same time. In the case of being infertile, women would feel like a failure, while men would feel ashamed as if being infertile meant they were weak in bed too.
Benjamin’s expression darkened.
“I’m going to the toilet.” The woman stood up with a smile and sashayed away in her high heels, which were clacking against the marble floor.
Boyce and one of his subordinates followed her from behind and laid in ambush outside the washroom. When the woman came out, they covered her mouth and dragged her away.
They managed to avoid the crowd and get her into the car soon after.
“Who are you…oh, it’s you.” The woman chided lowly. She saw Boyce’s face before she finished speaking, and she knew who he was. She knew he was on Matthew’s side.
The woman soon understood the situation and chuckled, “It’s useless to hold me captive. I don’t know where Benjamin hid the kid either.”
She pushed the blame to Benjamin. All of it.
“I’m just a woman who knows nothing. You guys better release me.” After she knew their intention of capturing her, she actually managed to calm down. After all, Joshua was in their hands. These people would not dare to harm her.
Boyce ignored her and asked his man to drive faster.
A moment later, they arrived at an abandoned building. When the car came to a halt, they dragged the woman out of it. As the road was uneven and filled with trash from the construction, it caused the woman to stagger her steps a little. She looked up and glared at the man who dragged her, “Are you looking for death?”
She was a feisty one.
Boyce blocked the woman’s line of sight and threatened her in a deep voice, “I’ll let you leave this place safely if you tell us Joshua’s whereabouts now, otherwise…”
“I told you I know nothing.” She emphasized each word.
“Well, you’re of no value then if you know nothing.” Boyce gave his subordinate a look, “Bring her in.”
His subordinate held the woman’s arms tightly and pushed her into the building.
“Let me go! It’s illegal to arrest me without a warrant!” She screamed. 
Boyce clasped her chin so hard that she could not make a sound, “Scream later. You have all the time in the world to do that.”
The woman was quickly brought to the highest floor. She was then thrown to the ground.
Matthew and Abbott were already there, standing at the edge of the floor. When they heard voices coming, they turned their heads back slowly to look at its source.
Boyce walked towards Matthew and told him everything he heard while he was spying on the woman, “It’s mostly this woman’s doings of adding fuel to the fire.”
“That makes sense. He would just be looking for death if he decided to come at us now and cause chaos after living in peace for decades, wouldn’t he? Sure enough, someone else was there to provoke him.” Abbott snorted coldly.
Matthew glanced at the woman and asked in a low voice, “Where’s my son?”
The woman snorted in return, “I don’t know that, but I do know Benjamin will avenge me if any of you hurt me today.”
She wasn’t afraid of them at all from the fact that she had someone important hostage.
Boyce squatted before her, “Benjamin only craves for your looks. What if I destroy this look he loves so much?”
That made the woman’s eyes widen in an instant. She needed her looks and curves to grasp a man’s heart. Without that, she would be nothing. Finally, there was a hint of fear in her eyes, “You! Don’t you dare do that to me! Touch me once and I’ll do the same to that kid!”
Boyce narrowed his eyes at her, not daring to act rashly for the moment. As long as Joshua was in hostage, it would always be their weakness. They can’t do anything as they pleased.
“What do you want? Money? Give us a figure.” Abbott came over and looked down at the woman, “Benjamin is old, and there’s a limit to what he can give you. Isn’t money what you’re after? Just tell us how much you want.”
The woman went into deep thoughts. She knew they had their concerns.
“You’re right. I want money. But I want something more too, can you give me that?” The woman smirked, fixing her gaze on Matthew, who was standing not far away, “I can tell you where your son is as long as you offer me something attractive enough.”
“What do you want?” Matthew’s expression was gloomy, laced with a trace of cruelty that was unnoticeable.
The woman moved a little, “Untie the rope first. We can’t make a fair deal like this.”
Boyce and Abbott looked at Matthew. It was a look to ask for his opinion.
“There’s so many of you here. I couldn’t possibly escape, could I?” The woman sneered.
“Untie the rope,” Matthew ordered.
Boyce did what Matthew asked for and untied the woman. She stood up from the ground, patted the dust on her dress before fixing her gaze on Matthew again. She was looking at him dreamily now. Matthew was a tall man with a sturdy build and sharp features. He exuded a cold, yet dominating aura, which others could strongly feel even if he was just standing around casually.
He was a man who could make women go crazy over him.
In her heels, she sashayed towards Matthew and finally stood in front of him, “Benjamin promised to appoint me as the CEO of WY Group after he gets the company. He offered me wealth and power. What can you offer me to make me turn my back on him?”
The woman was looking at Matthew up and down openly.
It was the kind of gaze Matthew hated most.
“Actually, I don’t really need those things.” As she said, she put her hand on Matthew’s shoulder and whispered into his ear, “What about you spend the night with me? I’ll tell you where your son is afterwards.”
#####Chapter 870 You're Not Sexy 
Boyce and Abbott lowered their heads almost at the same time, pretending not to have heard her words.
The woman became even more presumptuous. She circled her arms around Matthew’s waist and leaned into him, “You won’t lose anything from this deal.”
She was confident that any man who had sex with her would not be able to leave her after knowing how amazing she was in bed.
They couldn't do that.
“A one-night stand in exchange for your son. You get to fuck me, and you can find your son after that. Isn’t it good for you? You know what, your wife seemed to be boring to me, and she’s not even sexy. Why don’t you…ah!”
Before she finished her sentence, she suddenly flew out and slammed into a pile of bricks. She curled her body and clutched onto her abdomen. Her expression was twisted from the pain. She screamed viciously, “How dare you!”
“Boyce, get her to speak with any means.” Matthew’s expression was dark.
The woman paled instantly, “How dare you! Don’t you want to know your son’s whereabouts anymore?”
“You’re too greedy! We’re going to teach you a lesson!” Even Abbott found her disgusting. ‘Fuck it, how can this woman think about having sex all day? Is she an animal?’
Boyce got his men to tie the woman up again, to which she struggled, “I swear you will never get to see your son again if you hurt me!”
At this time, Boyce took out a knife. It was smaller than a fruit knife, but it appeared to be sharp, and its blade was reflecting the light.
He put the blade to the woman’s face. With the cold metal against her skin, she finally felt fear rushing into her head. She was trembling at this point, “You wouldn’t dare do this to me!”
“You think so?” Boyce applied pressure onto the blade, and it pressed onto her skin a little bit more.
The woman was so scared that her eyeballs were about to fall out, “No…”
But it was too late. Boyce stroked the knife against her face, and a bloody scratch immediately surfaced. ‘This kind of woman must be taught a lesson! Otherwise, she would think she could fool with us!’
“Ahhh!” The woman shrieked.
Abbott picked up a used glove by the construction workers on the ground and stuffed her mouth with it.
“We’re going to destroy everything you have, everything you used to seduce those men. I wonder if Benjamin would still be interested in you after this!” Abbott took the knife from Boyce and stroked it on her neck.
She seduced men with her looks and body. When they destroyed her, she would not be able to do this anymore!
“Mm…”
All colours were drained from the woman’s face. She never expected these people to be so cruel.
Her face was tingling with pain.
If her beauty was ruined, she would have nothing left.
She wanted to say something but could only make incoherent sounds with the glove in her mouth.
She shook her head desperately, hoping they’d give her a chance to speak.
Boyce and Abbott ignored her. They knew how to deal with a person like this. She needed to be taught a lesson before she was willing to speak up.
“Say, what if I cut off a piece of your flesh, and leave a hole here? Would Benjamin still like you by then?” Abbott deliberately stuck the knife into her skin.
The woman was completely frightened as her body trembled with fear.
“Are you going to tell us now?” Abbott asked.
She nodded.
He met gazes with Boyce and then took the glove out from her mouth, “Speak.”
The woman looked at Abbott and spitted on his face, “Over my dead body!”
With her bloodshot eyes, she glared at Matthew, “You’re not going to find your son for the rest of your life!”
That was unexpected.
This woman can keep a secret!
She knew that her death would come when she told them the truth. When they found the kid, they would not have any concerns anymore. They were only keeping her alive now because they wanted to get information from her.
“Benjamin probably knows that I’ve been kidnapped after disappearing for so long. He’s going to hide the kid in an even more secretive place. You will never find him! Hahaha!” She looked like a madwoman right now, laughing with a face covered in blood.
Buzz. At this time, Matthew’s phone, which was in his pocket, vibrated. He took it out and saw that Dolores was calling him. He walked to the side and answered the call.
As soon as he picked it up, Dolores questioned him, “Joshua is missing, isn’t he?”
When Jessica came to her house today, Dolores asked her why she came and who was taking care of Joshua.
“Isn’t Joshua here?” Jessica asked her in return.
With that, they had discovered what Matthew was concealing.
“Why are you not talking?” It was supposed to be a serious question, but it brought no impact because Dolores was weak.
She knew that she shouldn’t be acting like this. No one would’ve wanted this incident to happen, but she was too worried. Joshua was still so young. She asked hoarsely, “Where are you?”
“Outside.” Matthew lowered his gaze.
“Have you found out how Joshua went missing?” She asked again.
“Yeah.”
“Where are you?” She continued to ask.
“Stay at home and rest. I’ll find Joshua…”
“How could I rest?” Dolores couldn’t control her temper at all now.
“Calm down.”
“My son is missing! How can I calm down? Tell me!” It was her first time speaking so loudly to Matthew. She was going hysterical, “Where are you? I’ll meet you there!”
“We don’t have much time left.” Boyce came over. That woman would rather die than telling them Joshua’s whereabouts.
All of them had underestimated her.
“I’ll call you back.” Then, Matthew hung up. Dolores was emotionally unstable now, so it was difficult to communicate with her.
“What should we do now?” Boyce had no idea how to continue the interrogation, “Benjamin probably have realised our plan by now since we captured her for such a long time. Will this be dangerous for Joshua?”
#####Chapter 871 Human Shield
Matthew looked at the woman and his eyes lit up. He had a plan and said, “Find a place to lock her up.” 
Boyce did not know what Matthew was thinking and objected, “We don’t have the time…”
“Do as I say.” He stomped off after saying.
Boyce stood in place and pondered if he wasted his efforts to capture this woman. He was not satisfied.
Buzz, buzz…
Abbott’s cellphone vibrated and he took it out of his pocket. It was a message from Matthew and he opened it immediately. He started to grin after he read the message. He now knew what Matthew planned to do.
He kept the phone, looked at the woman, and frowned, “This woman is really stubborn.”
But he could understand as it took courage for her to instigate Benjamin to kidnap Joshua and demand company shares from Matthew as a ransom.
Had it not been for the crisis due to Jayden’s death, she would not have had the opportunity to carry it out.
“What a pity.” Abbott said in front of her intentionally, “We had wasted our efforts capturing her since we can’t get any information from her.”
“Where shall we lock her up? Prison?” Abbott asked Boyce.
Boyce replied, “Not now. Jos is still in Benjamin’s hands. If we lock her up, that would signal to Benjamin that they had been exposed. What if…”
They were very concerned about Joshua’s safety.
“Why do I have the feeling that something’s not right?” Abbott appeared to be vexed.
“I really don’t believe that she doesn’t care about her life!” Abbott was about to strike and Boyce intervened, “Spare her.” He could not stand aside and let Abbott commit a murder.
Abbott scoffed in disgust, “You must be ruthless with such a woman. Otherwise, she’ll think that we’re soft and do not dare to act.”
“Leave, all of you, and leave this to me.” Abbott said as he squatted next to the woman and continued, “You won’t be implicated by what’s going to happen.”
The woman broke and said, “How dare you!”
“I’ll show you whether I dare or not!” Abbott picked up a brick and then grabbed her finger.
“I heard that the fingers are linked to the heart. I’ll see how is your pain threshold.”
“No… don’t…” The woman struggled but Abbott pinned her down and forced her to expose one finger. He slammed the brick down onto the finger.
“Argh!!” The woman screamed in pain.
Boyce and his men left the tower. He could act ruthlessly but he was more concerned for Joshua’s safety and do not want to risk it by being too harsh.
Abbott continued to gag the woman’s mouth and smashed one finger after another until five fingers were a bloody mess.
“Today I want to see if you or the brick will win.” Abbott threw the broken brick aside and picked up another one. He grabbed the other hand and spread the fingers, “I have all the time in the world. Let’s have some fun.”
“Mmph, mmph…” The woman struggled and wanted to say something.
Abbott noticed but he ignored her. She was the type that thought too highly of herself and felt that they would not do anything to her since Joshua was captured by her. Not only was he carrying out Matthew’s instructions, but he also wanted to teach this woman a lesson.
Suddenly Boyce ran over and appeared very troubled, “Abbott!”
“What happened?” Abbott turned to ask.
“Let’s go, we’ve been discovered.” He pulled Abbott as Abbott kicked her and said, “Isn’t she leaving with us?”
“There’s no time. With my status, I’d be ruined if someone discovered that I’m here. Quickly.” Boyce used his strength to pull Abbott. Abbott pretended to be upset and yelled, “We’re too kind to this bitch!” He ‘fled’ with Boyce soon after.
Their footsteps diminished in a distance while another set of footsteps approached. The woman was dizzy from the pain and barely saw someone familiar approach her. Her eyes became wide open when she realized who this was and started to mumble, “Mmph, mmph…”
Benjamin took out the gag in her mouth. Benjamin said that he went to the restroom and did not come back because he could not find who he was looking for. Thereafter Benjamin received a message that she was here and he came immediately.
“It’s Matthew…” The woman’s eyes were bloodshot, hugged Benjamin and cried, “You must revenge for me.”
Benjamin assured, “Okay, okay…”
He answered so quickly because he had been humiliated. This woman was his subordinate and was captured and tortured by Matthew. Matthew did not hold back on his account!
“Quick, take her away,” Benjamin ordered, and very soon someone came to carry the woman away to the cars below. They entered the car and sped away.
A short distance away, several cars were waiting and then followed Benjamin. Soon Benjamin brought the woman home and called the doctor to tend to her wounds. Although she was badly injured, the injuries were not life-threatening. 
“I’m afraid that these injuries on your face will leave scars.” The doctor said.
“I want you to treat it perfectly!” The woman yelled.
Benjamin liked her and said to the doctor, “Please do your utmost best.” The doctor nodded.
Soon, the wounds were all cleaned and treated. The woman looked into the mirror. Her face was bandaged up and said furiously, “Those animals ruined my face!”
Benjamin comforted her, “They’ll heal.”
“Just look at my hand!” The woman raised her bandaged hand. She thought of the disrespect that she had gone through and yelled, “I want revenge!”
It looked like the woman’s eyes were shooting daggers. They were filled with anger. She kicked off the blanket and got down from the bed. 
Benjamin was surprised and asked, “You’re injured, where are you going?”
“How can I let this rest? You saw for yourself what they did to me. I’m your woman. They did this to show you. Now I want them to know that I am no pushover!” She said furiously.
“Didn’t you agree to meet them tonight? I’ll go with you but I need to go somewhere else before that.”
“Where?” Benjamin sensed her motives, “You want to go to that baby?”
“Someone must pay for what I just suffered!” The woman said ruthlessly.
“Furthermore, we must not let this baby go even after we get what we want.”
Benjamin narrowed her eyes and asked, “What do you mean by that?”
“Think about it. When we give the baby back to Matthew, we no longer hold anything against him. He will come to us with everything he’s got. So long as the baby is in our hands, he won’t try anything funny. This baby is our human shield!”
“True.” Benjamin nodded.
“Benjamin, when I was captured and tortured, I did not reveal a single thing because I know that our situation is dicey. If I said where the baby was, then he would come after you. That’s why I was ready to die without saying anything to them. I was only worried that they threatened you. Benjamin, I love you. You must seek revenge for me.” The woman cried as she said.
Benjamin hugged the woman. It was true that had she revealed the baby’s whereabouts, he would lose any bargaining chips with Matthew. Furthermore, Matthew would not let the matter rest just like that and come after him with everything in his disposal.
She did not reveal the baby’s location even after suffering so much torture. It was clear that she had been thinking for him. Benjamin’s heart ached and replied, “I’ll seek revenge for what you suffered today.”
“Now I want to see that baby.” The woman insisted. She just wanted someone to pay for the injuries that she had sustained.
She wanted Matthew to regret hurting her!
#####Chapter 872 Joshua’s Whereabouts
On seeing her condition, Benjamin said, “Okay, but we must be cautious just in case Matthew finds out…”
“He won’t, we’ll be extra careful.” The woman simply wanted to vent her anger at this point.
“Okay, let’s go.” Benjamin knew that she was fuming now and just wanted an outlet for the ordeal that she had gone through today. They just had to be careful.
They left from the back door and checked the surroundings before getting into the car. Abbott’s men were observing from behind some trees.
Benjamin and the woman thought that they had been very careful to prevent being discovered. Little did they realize that they had been shadowed since they left that place.
They followed Benjamin’s car and drove to an increasingly remote area. They finally stopped outside an old age hospice. 
Benjamin exited the car and the woman followed suit. She seemed eager and joyful when she said, “They would never figure out that we are hiding the baby at a hospice.”
Benjamin looked around and then said cautiously, “We’d better be more careful. Let’s go.”
The woman nodded and entered the hospice from the back door. The men which came with them followed them into the hospice but the woman instructed them to secure the entrance while she and Benjamin entered the room.
It was a square room with a bed to the side. A middle-aged woman sat by the bed carrying the baby.
“Put down the child and leave.” Benjamin said.
The middle-aged woman gently placed the baby down and said, “The baby was crying the entire night and just fell asleep.”
The woman was frustrated and said, “Just put the baby down and leave!”
The baby was very cute and the middle-aged woman started to become attached to it. Although she had been paid to do this, she was curious as to why they kept the baby here.
However, she dared not ask and placed a blanket over Joshua before leaving.
The woman walked towards the bed and noticed that Joshua very much resembled Dolores. She began to rage within her. She was a woman just like Dolores. Why did she have to serve this old man while Dolores could marry such a good man and give birth to this adorable baby? She began to become overwhelmed in hate.
She yanked off the blanket covering Joshua which startled him and started to cry.
“Go ahead and cry until your parents hear you. I’m sure they’ll be heartbroken when they hear your cries.” The woman took out her cellphone and recorded a video of Joshua crying. She would show it to Matthew at the appropriate time. She wanted Matthew to know that the baby suffered because he tortured her.
She kept the phone and stoked Joshua’s face as she said, “How fortunate are you to be born into a wealthy family?”
She scoffed while her eyes betrayed her vileness, “What a pity to end up in my hands.”
Then, she pinched Joshua’s nose and yelled, “Don’t cry!”
Joshua’s face began to turn red from the lack of air.
“Haha ha…” The woman shrieked, “You will pay for all that I had suffered today. You can hate your parents for that!”
Bang! The door was kicked in!
The men that Benjamin left to guard the door were all on the ground and a team of men rushed into the room.
“You…” Benjamin demanded but then realized immediately who came in and turned pale.
Before the woman could react, she simply heard a ‘how dare you’ and felt her entire body being tossed and pushed down onto the ground. She winced in pain, started to see a tall figure walk over, and started to realize what had happened while her heart began to sink into the abyss.
After his nose was released, Joshua wailed loudly, “Waah…”
Matthew quickly picked Joshua into his arms. Joshua still wailed uncontrollably and his eyes were slightly swollen perhaps due to the cries. His tiny body started to shudder along with the cries.
“Is Joshua alright?” Boyce asked as he walked over.
Matthew pursed his lips tightly and one could see from his eyes that he was heartbroken. He gently wiped away the tears from the baby’s face and said softly, “You know what to do.”
Boyce replied, “Leave it to me, I’ll settle this.”
Matthew carried Joshua and left. He turned around to look at Benjamin before stepping outside.
“What do you intend to do?” Benjamin pretended to be composed.
“You were the one who kidnapped and extorted. Now you’re asking me what I intend to do? Shouldn’t I be asking you that?” Matthew said coldly.
“We share the same bloodline,” Benjamin yelled, trying to sound brave but he knew that he was in a lot of trouble.
Matthew scoffed, “Did you remember this when you kidnapped my child?”
Benjamin clenched his fists but frowned deeply and remained still.
“How did this happen?” The woman was puzzled. She could not figure how Matthew found their location.
Abbott went over to her and patted her bandaged face. The woman winced in pain.
“What a fool. Since we had caught you, do you think that we would let you go so easily? Aren’t you curious how was it that you were so easily rescued?”
The woman glared and yelled, “You tricked me? You intentionally let me be rescued?”
Abbott scoffed and did not bother to reply. Of course, that was what they did. He did not harm her too badly so that she could still move about. He did all these to rile up her hatred so that she would act hastily. When she acted in haste, she would let her guard down and become careless.
They capitalized on this.
Matthew had planned this the moment he left the top floor. He first sent the message to Abbott to let him torture that woman. However, he must not go overboard and must keep her alive.
Then, he intentionally leaked out the whereabouts of the woman so that Benjamin would find out and he would come to rescue her. Finally, Boyce was instructed to get Abbott away, and thereafter Boyce was told of the plan.
When Boyce went to drag Abbott away, he also said that he was worried about being implicated so that the woman would hear it which made the situation more convincing.
All these were done to stir up her desire for revenge. Once she sought revenge, she would naturally want to vent it onto Joshua. Then, as long as they followed the woman, they would find Joshua.
At this moment, Benjamin came to his senses and seemed to realize what had just happened. He glared at the woman.
#####Chapter 873 All Kinds of Reasons
The woman was stunned when she realized that she had been played. But it was too late.
She endured the pain in her abdomen, crawled over to Benjamin and grabbed his leg, and said, “They tricked us.”
She was terrified when she was captured. Then, she was rescued and did not think of the possibility of being tricked.
“You are his uncle, he wouldn’t do anything against you.” The women tried to make Benjamin use his family ties with Matthew to seek leniency.
Abbott scoffed, “Now you know that you’re relatives? Why didn’t you consider the consequences when you kidnapped Jos?”
Benjamin looked at Abbott and laughed, “So what? I’m not someone who you can touch.”
Abbott laughed in return, “Perhaps I can’t touch you but this is a kidnap and you are a criminal. I can’t do anything to you but the law can!”
“You don’t have proof.” The woman said as she held tightly to Benjamin’s leg. Now her only hope rests with Benjamin. Now that they were discovered, Benjamin must not shirk away from his responsibility and part in it.
Abbott looked coldly at the woman and said, “It looks like you don’t understand my boss’s temper.” He used the tip of his shoe to raise the woman’s chin and continued, “We have lots of means to kill you if he wants you dead!”
As she heard this, she grabbed even tighter onto Benjamin.
Benjamin held onto his trousers and yelled, “What are you panicking for? I don’t believe that he will kill you!”
“Benjamin, I can only depend on you.” She held onto Benjamin tightly as he was her only hope.
Boyce walked over and said solemnly, “Both of you are suspected of kidnap and ransom demands. You need to be arrested and investigated.” He ordered his men to arrest and take them back to the police station.
“How dare you touch me?” Benjamin struggled as his arms were held behind him. He now used his relationship with Matthew to demand preferential treatment, “I’m one of the Nelsons!”
Boyce replied, “In the ancient days, even the Emperor had to face the same punishment as the subjects when the Emperor committed a crime. Now that we are now a lawful society, do you think that you can go scot-free when you’ve committed a crime? Men, take them away!”
“How dare…” Before Benjamin could finish speaking, he was swiftly removed. The policemen were very efficient and did not care about a criminal’s societal status. All criminals must be investigated and face justice.
Although Benjamin had some minor physical defects, he had lived a privileged life. Now he was arrested at this age and he was never treated this roughly in his life, not to mention the disrespect towards him.
“I demand to see Matthew!” Benjamin struggled and yelled.
“Struggle again and I will add another charge of resisting arrest!” Boyce said sternly.
Boyce’s men did not go easy on Benjamin and forced him into the car. The woman did as she was told on seeing Boyce’s firm attitude. She entered the car and was squeezed beside Benjamin.
“I’ll leave the rest to you.” Abbott dusted his jacket.
Boyce nodded and made a call before entering the car.
Jasmine did not sleep for almost two days. She was worried sick as she sat on the sofa. Boyce quickly called her to inform her that Joshua was found.
Jasmine swiftly answered Boyce’s call. She was apprehensive that the call would bring bad news about Jos. Her hand was trembling as she answered the call, “Hello?”
Boyce knew that Jasmine was worrying and quickly assured her, “Don’t worry, Joshua’s found. Everything’s fine now.”
Jasmine was overwhelmed with emotions and asked with a shaky voice, “Really?”
Boyce replied, “Of course. How could I lie to you about something like this?”
Jasmine smiled as tears of joy flowed down her cheeks, “That’s great.” Then she quickly asked, “Had the kidnappers been captured?” 
“Yes,” Boyce replied.
“You must bring them to justice!” Jasmine said angrily, “How could they steal a baby? They’re inhumane! These people must not go scot-free!”
‘I know. Have a good rest.” Boyce said tenderly.
Jasmine acknowledged but she did not feel tired at all. Now that Joshua was found, she wondered if he was traumatized. She went to the bathroom to wash up, changed, and left the house.
She took a taxi to the villa and saw Matthew’s car parked outside. She paid the taxi driver and went to the entrance. She paused momentarily before walking forward to knock on the door.
The door was quickly opened and immediately Theresa stepped aside for Jasmine to enter. 
“Is Joshua’s back?” Jasmine did not know what else to say.
Theresa nodded, “He’s back. He’s upstairs. However, wait a while before going up.”
Jasmine understood and expected Matthew to be upstairs.
“Come and take a seat.” Theresa led her to the sofa.
Upstairs.
It took Dolores a while before she could coax Joshua to sleep. He remained restless and twitched as he slept. Her heart was broken when Joshua was kidnapped. Each day was torture for her as she did not know what to do.
A child was the life of the parents. Only when the child was happy could the parents be happy.
“Who did this?” Dolores turned towards Matthew. Her eyes were bloodshot and furious. 
Joshua’s disappearance was so sudden and the funeral had just ended. Thereafter she was all alone at the villa and received no updates of what happened.
Matthew stood beside the bed, looked at Jos, and said, “I’ll handle this.”
“I asked you who did this?” She controlled her voice because Joshua just fell asleep. She just wanted to know who did it and why so that she could prevent it from happening again.
She was terrified by this incident.
She looked at Matthew and said, “This is my son and inside me for ten months. He is my flesh and blood. Now that something so serious had happened to him, don’t I have the right to know who did it?”
Matthew did not mean to keep it from her but just did not want her to worry. He did not expect her to be so agitated.
He walked over and wanted to wipe away her tears but she turned her head away. Matthew stood and looked at her with his enchanting eyes.
She was seated while he stood in front of her for a while before Dolores calmed down and said, “I’m sorry…”
She knew that he also felt terrible when Joshua was kidnapped. She was terrified and could not compose herself.
Matthew pulled her head into his embrace. Dolores’ head was pressed onto his abdomen while she hugged his waist.
He ran his fingers through her hair and said, “It’s not that I don’t want to tell you. I just don’t want you to worry. The person had been caught by Boyce.”
Dolores calm down significantly and then revealed who she thought had done this, “Was Benjamin involved?”
This person appeared after Jayden’s passing and then Joshua disappeared. She could only link these events to him.
Matthew calmly affirmed.
“Why?” Dolores tilted her head, “Why did he kidnap Jos? Do the two of you have any conflicts? Or did he have any grudge against dad?”
#####Chapter 874 At Each Other’s Throats
“None.” Matthew gently closed his eyes.
Dolores was puzzled, “Then why?”
Then she realized something and asked, “Was it due to money?” However, she was unsure as so many years had passed without any incidents concerning money. Then why would something occur now because of money?
“In the past, there wasn’t anyone to threaten me with.” Matthew felt her forehead and asked, “Do you still have a fever?”
Dolores shook her head and then nodded, “A little, I’m feeling much better.”
“I have some affairs that I need to go and settle. Have a good rest.”
Matthew lifted the blanket beside Joshua and got her to lay down and said, “Take a nap. I’ll be home soon.”
Dolores noticed that he looked very tired and haggard. Her heart ached for him. Actually, he must be feeling terrible since his father had just passed away and Joshua was kidnapped. Now at least Joshua’s safely home. 
She said tenderly, “I’ll wait for you.”
“Okay,” Matthew replied and covered her with the blanket.
He stood up when she closed her eyes. He took another look at Joshua before stepping out.
Jasmine stood up when she saw Matthew coming down the stairs. She grasped her hands nervously and said, “How’s Jos?”
Matthew acknowledged and Jasmine was extremely relieved. 
“Can I take a look at Jos?” Jasmine softly asked.
“He’s asleep. Perhaps later.” Matthew said and left the house. Jasmine quickly nodded. 
Boyce called just as Matthew left.
Boyce was amid the interrogation. The nanny who was taking of Joshua and the driver were both witnesses. There was a need to do the investigations properly.
However, Benjamin and that woman would not cooperate and refused to admit that they had kidnapped Jos.
“Are you really coming over?” Boyce asked.
He could handle these but Benjamin was a Nelson who was instigated to commit such a serious crime. Would Matthew’s presence make things worse?
Matthew said that he would go and ended the call. He then drove himself to the police station.
Boyce was in the interrogation room and Bruno went out to receive Matthew. He led Matthew into the station and said, “Mr. Shawn is leading the investigation. We started as soon as we came back.”
Matthew nodded as they walked through the lobby and towards the interrogation room which was located at the back of the police station.
They were soon at the interrogation room which was partitioned in two. One half was used for the interrogation while the other half was an observation room.
There were two officers in the interrogation room. One carried out the interrogation while the other transcribed.
Matthew entered the observation room and observed the interrogation.
“I did not kidnap anyone. I just picked up my nephew’s son back to my place for a day. Is that a crime?” Benjamin refused to admit it, just as the other woman.
Boyce showed the driver and the caretaker’s photograph and said, “According to their statements, you did kidnap and demanded a ransom.”
“What evidence do you have?” Benjamin gambled that the police did not have any credible evidence which was why he was so defiant. 
“I demand to see my lawyer,” Benjamin demanded.
Boyce leaned forward and asked, “Don’t you know?”
Benjamin looked at him cautiously and asked, “What do you mean?”
Boyce laughed and baited him, “That woman who instigated you had already confessed. She said that you were the one who planned this. She said that you had harboured a discontent against Matthew which resulted in the kidnapping to extort Matthew.”
“She said that?” Benjamin glared his eyes. He raised his eyebrows and did not believe Boyce.
“Of course! She even said that you forced her to do these and she had no choice to do it. She said that you coerced her to do all …”
“Impossible! She was the one who instigated these. She said that I was treated unfairly by Matthew. Even kidnapping Joshua was her idea. I would have acted long ago if I had such thoughts. Do I need to wait until now?” Benjamin was unable to think clearly under pressure.
He lived a life of luxury all this while and did not know how to handle such situations.
“So you admitted that it was a kidnap?” Boyce laughed.
“I did not.” Benjamin denied it again.
Boyce pointed to the video cameras on either side of the table and said, “This is an interrogation room. Your every movement, every word is being recorded. Your denial is too late.
Benjamin became agitated and yelled, “I was duped by her.”
“She said that she was coerced by you and now you said that you were duped. Who among you is lying?” Boyce continued his interrogation.
Although he had the authority, he could not misuse it. He also could not let his personal feelings get into the way of official matters. However, he could not let this matter rest so easily. Joshua was hurt by them and he had to use some interrogation tactics against them. For example to turn the two suspects against each other.
“Of course it is her!” Benjamin was so angry that he wanted to stand up. However, he was handcuffed onto the chair which was bolted to the ground, and could not stand up.
“Don’t be agitated. I can let you ask her.” Boyce ordered for the woman to be brought in. Boyce then walked over to Benjamin and released him from the seat. Then he said to Benjamin, “Between you and her, I tend to trust you more. After all, you are Matthew’s uncle. If you harboured any ill intentions, you would have acted much earlier and not waited till now to do at this age, am I right?”
Benjamin rubbed his wrists and looked at Boyce. It seemed that Boyce was siding with him but then again, what Boyce said did not sit well with him.
What did Boyce mean by ‘at this age’? He was not young but neither was he that old.
Soon the woman was brought in and Boyce said to the transcriber, “Let’s leave.”
The transcriber closed the book and left with Boyce.
“Benjamin.” The woman still regarded Benjamin as her saviour. When Boyce interrogated her, she did not say anything and refused to admit that it was a kidnap.
She grabbed onto Benjamin’s elbow and said, “Quickly call the lawyer to bail us out of here.”
Benjamin pushed her away and said coldly, “Even if the lawyer comes, he will only bail me out!”
The woman was stunned and looked at him with her eyes wide open, “But I’m your woman…”
“My woman?” Benjamin scoffed, “Did you think of that when you betrayed me?”
She was stunned and asked, “When did I betray you?”
“Act?” Benjamin pinched her chin and asked, “Are you still acting? Didn’t you tell them that I kidnapped Jos? Didn’t you say that you were coerced by me? You really know how to deflect the responsibilities. Are you trying to push all these onto me?”
The woman was stumped. When did she say all these?
“You, are you mistaken?” The woman tried to explain, “I did not…”
“Still won’t admit it? On one hand, you act so loyally to me while on the other hand, you try to push all the blame onto me.” Benjamin said.
“I did not.” The woman shook her head and begged, “You must believe me.”
“How can you make me believe you?” Benjamin pushed the woman away in anger. The woman lost her balance and struck her head against the door as she fell to the ground. She winced in pain and sat miserably on the ground.
Inside the observation room, Matthew and Boyce were watching on the screen what was happening in the interrogation room. 
Boyce looked at the woman wincing in pain and scoffed, “Isn’t it interesting to see them going after each other’s throats?”
#####Chapter 875 As Pretty as a Flower
Inside the interrogation room…
The woman slowly raised her head to look at Benjamin. She had firmly captured this man’s heart and he would listen to everything she said. All this while, he desired her love and attention. He had never treated her this way. Could it be that he wanted to ditch her and blame everything on her?
“Benjamin, don’t think that you can blame this on me.” The woman stood up slowly and pointed at him, “You cannot escape being responsible for this kidnapping. Even upon death, I’ll make sure that I drag you down with me!”
She was extremely furious. She did not say anything so that both of them can be released. Little did she expect him to save his own skin and blame it all on her.
Benjamin was stunned to see her vicious side for the first time. She had always been demure and gentle in front of him. 
“You’ve given up acting?” Benjamin said sarcastically, “You have been acting all along, haven’t you?”
 “Hmph, what do you think?” Now that things are at this stage, the woman no longer needed to act. She sniped back, “I’m young and beautiful and every day I sleep with an old fart like you. I am nauseous just thinking of it. You can’t satisfy me and yet I need to act as if you do. It is torture to be at your side with those saggy skin and old body. Do you really think that you’re so attractive? Why don’t you look at yourself in the mirror?”
“You…” Benjamin’s finger trembled as he pointed at her, “You slut!”
“If I’m a slut then what are you?” The woman leaned against the door and looked at him coldly, “If I’m a slut and you are so willing to listen to me, then does it not make you worst than a slut?”
Benjamin stumbled a couple of steps backward and then said, “You, you… I’ll kill you!”
He rushed over and grasped the woman’s neck, “Slut, you lied to me, die!”
The woman struggled to breathe and her face started to turn red. She looked at Benjamin with her eyes wide open and laughed, “ho ho…” 
“You’ll be a murderer if you kill me!”
“I have money. Today I will pay for your life. I’ll end you right now!” Benjamin yelled ruthlessly and his expression was fierce and devious.
The woman could not make a sound and was barely alive.
In the observation room, someone noticed that the woman was almost killed by Benjamin and asked softly, “Will he really kill her?”
Boyce looked at Matthew but he did not say anything. Boyce then went out and opened the door to the interrogation room. He pulled Benjamin away and then warned, “Where do you think you are now? Do you think that you can behave as you wish?”
Benjamin did not come to his senses and yelled, “I want to kill her!”
Boyce looked at the woman as she held onto her chest and took big gulps of air. 
“As long as you speak the truth that you’re being duped, I will naturally speak up for you. I will also speak well of you in front of Matthew and ensure that you’re unscathed by this. No matter what, you are also a Nelson and he would be merciful to you.” Boyce said intentionally and loud enough for the woman to hear.
Although they were already at each other’s throats, Boyce still wanted to add fuel to the fire. It was best if one was killed by the other and then the remaining one receive a life sentence. Then they would not harm anyone else.
It was absolutely unforgivable to kidnap a baby.
The woman caught her breath and heard what Boyce said. She felt awful and wondered what Boyce meant. Was she doomed? 
She had no connections and neither did she have any societal status. Benjamin was different, he was a Nelson. Although he had committed a crime, he could weasel his way out and push all the blame to her. At that moment, she realized that it was the end of the road for her.
Benjamin patted Boyce’s shoulder and said naively, “I will remember what you did for me. Let me know whenever you need my help.”
Boyce scoffed within him and was certain that Benjamin would spend the rest of his days in prison. However, he kept his thoughts and his expression did not reveal his intentions.
Now with Boyce’s assurance that he would be fine, Benjamin relaxed and then said to Boyce, “I was blind to listen to this bitch and almost did myself in.”
Boyce raised his eyebrows slightly. Although this woman had instigated Benjamin, he was sure that Benjamin harbored some unhappiness against Matthew. Otherwise, the woman could not have managed to instigate him to do anything.
“After all we are a family, what’s the big deal?” Benjamin was getting complacent.
Boyce looked quietly at Benjamin getting pleased with himself. A family? You kidnapped your own family member’s baby! Even a regular family member would not be able to accept this, not to mention Matthew.
“Die!” The woman managed to take something sharp and lunged towards Benjamin.
Boyce noticed it and could have stopped her but he did not. Benjamin was a senior and both he and Matthew could not harm him. How nice if this woman could do it for them?
Benjamin heard the commotion and turned around only to see a frantic face lunging towards him with something in her hand.
#####Chapter 876 Where Did the Wind Come From?
Benjamin had always led a life of luxury and privilege and this was his first time experiencing the things that happened today. Someone was trying to assassinate him, he was panicked in a moment and he didn’t even know how to respond, so he froze and just stood still.
The woman pounced on him and held him in her arms, and then she put her head on his shoulder and bit his neck with strength.
“Ah!”
Benjamin screamed. When the woman attacked him, she didn’t hold anything in her hand. It was the silver fingernails that she had painted previously which had made him mistake them as something sharp.
She didn’t have a weapon, but she couldn’t reconcile to be abandoned. Even if she was going to die, she wanted to make Benjamin die together with her!
“Help!”
Benjamin was shaking her off from his body due to the pain, but her hands were like the octopus’s tentacles which held him tightly and didn’t let go of him. The blood was coming out from her mouth and it was shocking.
Boyce pulled the woman away after he looked on for a while.
Benjamin covered his neck, “Go to hell, bitch!”
He kicked the woman crazily when he was talking.
No one pitied her. They were all standing beside and watching them. When Boyce felt that it was enough, he asked someone to pull Benjamin away.
“Hold them captive first. There is enough evidence now and we shall wait for the Department of Justice to judge them.” He left after saying this.
Boyce walked to the observation room and Matthew had just come out from the room, so Boyce trotted towards him, “I will arrange the remaining things. He won’t be released in a short while and he will need to spend some years inside.”
Matthew hummed gently.
When Benjamin was caught, he saw Matthew and Boyce and shouted, “You said you will let go of me, didn’t you? Why do you go back on your words? Bastard! And Matthew, I’m your uncle, are you going to be treacherous?”
Boyce said coldly, “Quickly bring him away.”
Soon, Benjamin’s shouts disappeared in the corridor.
Matthew didn’t show any emotion on his face and he looked cold. He gave a sideways glance coldly and took his eyes off the direction, “Settle the thing thoroughly and don’t leave any evidence.”
It was to avoid causing any unnecessary problems.
Boyce said, “Sure.”
Matthew walked and left.
They drove to the villa. There was a car stopping at the entrance. He had seen this car before as it was specially refitted.
Matthew stopped his car and got out of the car, while Charles got out of his car with Tom’s help. When Charles saw Matthew, he nodded gently and said seriously, “I’ve just come from the White City and I’ve heard about it, I should’ve come to the funeral.”
Matthew stood there and he didn’t talk.
Charles had no choice, “Are you unhappy to see me?”
Matthew still didn’t talk.
“This is for your son, help me to give him.” Charles gave him a box which was nicely wrapped, “During the period when I stayed in White City, it seemed like a long time had passed, a lot of things seemed to have happened here.”
Matthew didn’t take the gift from him, he said coldly, “Has Mr. White finished talking?”
Charles smiled, “Is your hostility to me still so strong?”
Matthew didn’t answer him, he turned and walked toward the villa.
The gift in Charles’s hand was still stopping in the midair, but he didn’t take it back awkwardly, he looked at Matthew’s back and said, “I’ve already had a wife, why are you so petty?”
Matthew stopped walking in a moment, he turned and looked at Charles, “I would like to ask you a question.”
“Go ahead.” Charles was surprised that this petty man would have something to ask him.
“What will you do if someone covets your lover?”
Charles said without hesitation, “I will torture the person who covets my lover, then I will kick him.”
Matthew sneered, “I’m having this thought right now.”
Charles was speechless.
“You’re unkind.” Charles facepalmed, he realized that he was tricked, “I’ve come to your home, but you don’t let me go inside and don’t serve me a drink as well, you’re really stingy.”
Matthew ignored him.
Charles laughed at himself, he was just making himself awkward, Matthew was always a petty man and he had never changed.
However, if he were Charles, he wouldn’t be generous too.
Everything in the world could be shared with others, except the love.
He raised his head and looked toward the second floor, his eyes were dark, then he said gently, “Tom, let’s go.”
Tom thought that he shouldn’t have come here.
“Actually Mrs. White is nice.”
Although Tiana was not very mature, she really liked Charles, her family was also very satisfied with Charles and they were never stingy to offer help to him.
Tom really couldn’t understand Charles, he was so obsessed with a lady who had married. 
‘You know that you can’t get her, but you still don’t want to give up, isn’t it that you’re just torturing yourself?’
Charles glanced at Tom, but he didn’t say anything at the end, for sure he knew that Tiana was nice.
Coming back to the Meyer family’s home, Mrs. Meyer had not seen her daughter for quite a while already, so she was extremely happy when her daughter and son-in-law came back today.
She had prepared a lot of dishes for the dinner, then she kept on chatting with Tiana after the dinner.
When the older generation talked, they would always talk about the children, some more Tiana was her only daughter, so for sure she wanted to have a grandchild.
Tiana was shy and she said that she still didn’t want to be a mother.
It wasn’t because she didn’t want it, but it was because they had just married, and she had not done anything with Charles.
Mrs. Meyer pulled Tiana’s hand and said, “You’re not young anymore, you shall hurry up and get pregnant so that your dad and I don’t have to worry about it.”
Tiana lowered her head and didn’t say anything.
Mrs. Meyer saw her facial expression, then she asked, “Is it that you’ve quarrelled with Charles?”
Tiana shook her head immediately, “We’re fine, he treats me well too. I’m tired and I want to go to sleep now.”’
She didn’t want to listen to her mother’s nagging.
Pushing open the door of the bedroom, she saw that Charles was sitting beside the window and he was reading a book in his hand, she walked toward him and asked, “What are you reading?”
Charles closed the book, then she saw the name on the cover page, it was ‘Where Did the Wind Come From’. Tiana squatted down in front of him and asked, “Is it interesting?”
“It can make me calm.”
Tiana laid her head on his thigh and said, “Then I want to read it too when I’m free.”
She was always quiet and obedient when staying with him.
Charles stretched out his arm and ran his hand through her hair, he held her hand and put his arm gently around her waist, then he carried her up to sit on his thighs. He said gently, “I will treat you well.”
He was speaking from the bottom of his heart, the only thing that he couldn’t give her was the love.
Tiana stayed in his arms quietly and said, “I know.”
She knew that he was treating her well, but she also knew that this didn’t involve love.
“Have you met with Dolores?” Tiana asked suddenly.
“No.” Charles lowered his eyes to look at her, “How do you know that I had gone out because I wanted to meet her?”
Tiana smiled sweetly, “I’ve stayed with you for a long time, so I know what you’re thinking about.”
Charles raised his eyebrows, “Is it that I can’t be frank anymore when staying with you?”
‘Is she becoming cleverer?’
‘Who has said that she is stupid?’
“I know, but I won’t be angry, I’ll be by your side quietly,” Tiana whispered.
Charles turned his head and looked at the moon outside.
Meanwhile, at the other place, Jasmine looked at Dolores who was cradling Joshua and swinging him gently in the room. She felt sorry for her, Joshua was frightened now and he always had fitful nights of sleep, sometimes he would cry suddenly. 
He had suddenly waked up from a start just now. When Dolores cradled him, he seemed to have smelled the familiar scent, so he had become calm again.
Dolores looked at Jasmine who was standing beside the door, then she said in a low voice, “Come and have a sit here, don’t stand there.”
Jasmine lowered her head and apologized, “It’s because of me…”
“It has nothing to do with you.” Dolores knew that she couldn’t blame Jasmine for this matter, it was someone else who had the evil intention.
“Don’t think too much, you’re also pregnant, it’s not good for your health if you think too much.” Dolores comforted her.
“Jos always cries, shall we bring him to the hospital to see the doctor?” Jasmine asked.
“Let’s wait for one more day first, we’ll see.” She could feel that Joshua could stay calm in her arms, he would only cry when sleeping alone in the bed.
Perhaps when Joshua was brought away from her, he had gone to a strange place and no one had taken good care of him, so he was frightened. Dolores thought that he would slowly recover with her care.
Jasmine walked toward her to see Joshua, he was sleepy now and his eyes were half-closed, “Jos will definitely look very handsome when he grows up.”
Dolores looked at Joshua, her eyes became gentler.
All the mothers would think that their children were the best-looking ones.
“If only I can give birth to a daughter,” Jasmine said while looking at Joshua.
#####Chapter 877 I’ve Never Loved You
“Then Joshua can protect her.” Jasmine continued her words.
Dolores raised her head and looked at Jasmine, “If you give birth to a daughter and she marries Joshua, then he can protect her forever.”
Jasmine smiled.
She was looking forward to it suddenly.
‘If the day really comes, is the matter caused by the predetermined binding force?’
When Matthew came, Jasmine left the room.
Matthew stretched out his arms, “Give him to me.”
Dolores raised her head, she saw that Matthew looked a bit tired, then she said gently, “You shall sleep for a while first, I will let Jos sleep with you.”
“I’m not sleepy.” He took Joshua from Dolores’s arms, and then Joshua moved for a while and continued sleeping in his arms.
Dolores lowered her eyes, and then she walked out from the room and left Matthew in the room.
At downstairs, Jessica and Kevin were going to pick up the two children from their school.
“Put on an extra layer of clothing, the weather is becoming colder.” Jessica took a jacket and gave it to Kevin.
Kevin said, “It’s not cold to sit in the car.”
“You better put it on, you are old already and you must be careful.” Jessica put the jacket on him, Kevin didn’t reject it again and he stood still to let Jessica put the jacket on him. After putting on the jacket, Jessica adjusted his collar, then she said after making sure that there was nothing else to be corrected, “Let’s go.”
Kevin looked at her and nodded, he pulled the door open and let Jessica go first, then he walked behind and closed the door.
Dolores was absent-minded in a moment when she stood at the staircase looking at them. Ever since Jessica divorced Randolph, she had never seen her treating any man in such a gentle way.
Not long after they went out, the doorbell rang. She went downstairs and opened the door, a deliveryman was standing at the door, “May I know if Ms. Flores here?”
Dolores said, “Yes, I am.”
“This is your parcel, please sign it.” The deliveryman gave her a box.
She signed on it and took the box, then she closed the door and came inside. She opened the box, there was a jade tablet inside, which was carved from the jade of good quality. She raised her eyebrows, she wondered who had sent her this?
When she was going to put the jade tablet back, she saw a card in the box, then she took it out and opened it.
It was a message from Charles: I wanted to give it to your son by myself initially, but your husband is too petty, so I don’t want to trouble you and I can only send it using the courier service. I’ve heard about the thing that had happened to Jayden, I’m sorry to hear that. My condolences. I think he will also wish that the people who are still alive will live a happy life, but not live in agony. Those who had passed away, are definitely staying in another place and praying for us who are still alive!
Dolores closed the card and put it back into the box, then she took out the jade tablet and put the box into the drawer.
This was a token from the person who had sent the gift, so she accepted it in good part.
She went upstairs and pushed the bedroom’s door open, she saw that Matthew was lying on one side in the bed while Joshua was sleeping soundly in his arms. Matthew was closing his eyes, it seemed like he had fallen asleep too.
She took a blanket from the cabinet and covered them with the blanket gently. Then, she took out the jade tablet from her pocket and put it on Joshua’s neck. Joshua moved his pink lips, he was still sleeping soundly.
She sat beside the bed and touched Jos’s cheeks, and then she smiled. When her eyes fell on Matthew’s face, her heart ached for him.
He almost didn’t sleep during these few days, he had become thinner.
She took his hand and held it with their fingers interlaced, then she bent and kissed him on the forehead gently, “There are many regrets in your life, my heart aches for you, I’ll be by your side for the rest of your life.”
The eyebrows of the man who was closing his eyes moved suddenly, followed by his thick eyelashes, but everything became normal again very soon, even Dolores also didn’t notice it.
The time had passed very fast, the things stayed the same, but the people were not. It was the New Year again in a blink of an eye.
They lived a peaceful and quiet life throughout this period, Joshua could now babble and laugh with sound. Jasmine’s belly had also become larger, and she had taken a gap year to stay at home nurturing the foetus.
Theresa and Armand were staying in City C happily. Although they didn’t have a child, they were both working and living their life to the fullest.
And there was one more important thing, Jessica and Kevin had decided to stay together.
However, this was first suggested by Dolores. During these few months, she could see that Jessica and Kevin were taking care of each other and comforting each other. There was already no more love at these ages, they just felt that staying together would make them feel secured and they could accompany each other.
Dolores thought that they should appreciate this because the time for them to stay together would reduce day by day. Therefore, they didn’t have to care about other people’s thoughts and words, as long as they were happy.
They didn’t apply for a marriage license, and they didn’t hold a wedding ceremony as well. They had just asked everyone to have dinner together on new year’s night.
When they were having dinner, Jasmine said, “Dolores, I’m having a girl.”
“What?” Theresa laughed and looked at her, “You haven’t given birth to the baby, but you’re already finding a husband for your daughter?”
After all, Dolores had two sons.
Andrew was much older, but Joshua was just one year older than her daughter.
Jasmine took a fried bean curd and put it into her mouth, then she said smilingly, “So what? The parents look handsome and pretty, so the child won’t be ugly as well. I’ll grab the chance first so that other people can’t take the advantage in the future.”
“Hey.” Armand felt so jealous, “You haven’t given birth to the baby, but you’re already planning for her.” He glanced at Boyce, “Your wife is more mindful than you.”
Boyce poured him a glass of wine, “How do you know that it’s not a decision that we’ve made after discussing together?”
Armand was speechless.
‘Fine!’
They were showing their love for each other in front of him so suddenly, he had regretted talking about it.
“Let’s eat.” Armand helped Theresa to get the food, “We’ll go skiing in Switzerland a few days later.”
They were the happiest ones, they could just stay with each other forever.
“You’re petty.” Boyce knew Armand very well.
“Don’t envy me.” Armand laughed, “Do you and Jasmine know how it feels like to be in love? You guys haven’t even enjoyed the romantic couple’s world, then you guys are already bounded by the child, it’s so boring. Looking at me, we can just go wherever we want, we can travel around the world and enjoy our life.”
Boyce pulled the chair and stood up, then he took a box out from his pocket, there was a diamond necklace inside.
“Theresa, this is the new year gift.” He put the necklace on Theresa’s neck. Theresa was wearing a black sweater, so it made the diamond look brighter, “I wish that we will love, respect each other and stay together happily forever.”
He kissed Theresa’s cheek gently after he talked.
“Don’t steal their thunder.” Jasmine waved to them, “They are the main characters today.”
Jessica and Kevin still felt slightly embarrassed, they felt a bit restricted sitting together with these young people since they were old already, but now…
“Let’s have a drink together.” Dolores held the wine glass up, while another hand was holding Matthew’s hand under the table. She curved up the corners of her mouth gently and looked at Jessica and Kevin, “I wish that mum and uncle will stay healthy and live a long life.”
“Cheers!”
The sharp clinking sound could be heard, everyone was chatting and laughing, reducing the sadness.
It was snowing outside.
It hadn’t snowed since the winter began this year.
This was the first snow.
“I want to go outside to see the snow.” Amanda pulled Jessica excitedly, Kevin had also come to hold her hand, “We will bring you there.”
Everyone went outside together in a moment, they were excited about the heavy snow which had come late.
The snow was swirling, the trees and roofs were soon covered by the snow.
“Let’s go outside too.” Dolores’s eyes curved, she was looking at Matthew with the gentle shining eyes.
Matthew took a coat from the clothes rack and put it on her, then he buttoned the coat one by one and wrapped her soft hand in his hand. Dolores lowered her eyes, his hand was still strong and warm like usual. She felt warmer when he held her hand, and he had made her feel more secured.
It seemed like the night sky was not as dark as usual because of the snow.
They were walking hand in hand along the road, the two rows of footprints had formed under them before they realized it. The white snowflakes fell on their hair, Dolores said naughtily, “Your hair has become grey in colour.”
Matthew stopped walking, he looked at her in the snow.
Dolores raised her head and looked at him with affection, “Even if your hair really turns grey, I won’t dislike you, I’ll still love you.”
She stood on tiptoe and kissed on his chin after saying this. When she just wanted to leave after kissing him, he put his arms around her waist, their bodies were pressing tightly against each other.
His eyes were dark and gentle, he lifted her flushed face using the fingertip, then his lips fell on her forehead, eyes, nose, and finally her lips. The kiss became deeper, and it lasted for a long time.
Dolores put her arms around his neck and responded to the kiss passionately, it seemed like they would only stop until they melted into each other’s bodies!
————Time Dividing Line—————
The story of Matthew and Dolores is finished and below is the side story of Amanda.
————Time Dividing Line—————
“I’ve never loved you.”
During the third wedding anniversary, when Amanda wanted to tell Stanford James that she had finally become pregnant, he gave her a special ‘gift’.
“Why?” She opened her eyes widely. Her eyes were filled with tears, but the tears didn’t roll down.
It was because she didn’t want to believe it.
‘He said he loved me in the past, was he lying all the time?’
‘If the love was fake, then why would he do so?’
Stanford walked closer and closer to her, so she could only move back, then Stanford pinched her chin when she had no more place to move, “I married you just because you’re from the Nelson family. I married you, but it’s never because I love you, instead, I hate you!”
He had planned for twenty years, waiting for this day to come!
“Hate?” Her lips were shivering. Women would always cry in a way that made others pity them, while some women would cry gently during the farewell. However, at this moment, Amanda didn’t cry, she was just frowning and hiding the desperation.
She was bearing the pain given by him quietly.
“Yes, hate, is it that the life can be bought using the money in your and your dad’s opinions?” His eyes were dark, cold, and sharp.
Amanda didn’t understand, “What are you talking about?”
‘What does he mean? Does it have anything to do with dad?’ Amanda thought to herself.
Stanford let go of her, then he threw the divorce settlement agreement in front of her, “Sign it.”
#####Chapter 878 You Said You Will Love Me Forever
“What if I don’t want to sign it?” She was hoping that he still loved her since she couldn’t let her child lose his father.
“Have you forgotten that you said you will love me forever…”
“Shut up!” Stanford suddenly moved backwards, he got into a panic suddenly.
‘No!’
‘I don’t love her, I’ve married her just because I want to take revenge on her.’
“You have lost everything already! You must agree to the divorce!” He left the room quickly after saying this.
He was worried that his heart would melt if he continued facing her.
‘No, no, my heart can’t melt for the person who had caused my mum’s death. Those affection and love are just the schemes to let her fall in love with me.’
‘How is it possible for me to fall in love with the person who had caused my mum’s death?’
‘No!’
‘I won’t!’
‘Definitely won’t!’
Amanda looked at his back, he was leaving. The tears which were held back just now had finally dropped.
Looking at the divorce settlement agreement which was left on the table, her heart hurt so much. She sat down slowly on the floor with exhaustion.
Suddenly, there were a few men in black suits rushing into the house and pulling her up from the floor. The man who was standing at the front said, “Mr. James asked us to let you sign the agreement, so you better sign it before we beat you up.”
Amanda raised her head slowly, she didn’t know these people and she had never met them before. But listening to this speaking tone, she knew that they were sent by Stanford, she sneered at them.
‘Is he really so heartless?!’
She always saw that her parents loved each other so much since she was young, so she thought that she would also meet true love and live a happy life forever with him, but she didn’t expect this…
“I’ll sign it.” Her fingers were shaking, she took the pen slowly and signed her name on the agreement. Every stroke of the pen was like the sharp knife stabbing at her heart, she put the pen down after signing it.
“Give it to him.”
“For sure we will give it to Mr. James, but he has given us another instruction.” The man showed an evil smile.
Amanda moved back subconsciously, “You…”
When she had not finished talking, she was knocked out by someone.
They had tied Amanda up and brought her out from the villa. A red Porsche was stopping in front of the villa with a woman sitting in the driver seat, she said when seeing that Amanda was brought out, “Quickly put her into the car.”
Amanda was put into the car soon, then she was brought away from the villa.
‘It’s painful’, Amanda was awakened by the pain, she felt like she was being put and roasted in the fire. She opened her eyes, then what she saw was the big fire.
Her pupils constricted, she immediately shouted, “Help!”
“You better die peacefully, Mr. James said that he doesn’t want to see you anymore, so he had specially asked us to put you to death.” She heard the man speaking again.
Before she signed the agreement, they also said, ‘Mr. James has given another instruction!’
‘Awesome.’
‘Haha!’
“Stanford! I’ve loved you with all my heart and believed in all your words, I’ve given you everything, but what I get at the end is your unwillingness to see me and the wish to kill me?!!”
Amanda’s eyes turned red, her heart was broken, then she shouted sadly, “Stanford! I hate you!”
She was tied up and left in the big fire, she couldn’t even try to save herself. Looking at the fire which was going to engulf her, she sneered piteously, “If I still have the chance to survive, Stanford! I will definitely…”
She was suffocated from the smoke and fainted when she had not finished her words.
At the James Group…
In Stanford’s office…
A tall person was standing in front of the French window, in which the whole city view could be seen through it.
“Stanford.” The door of the office was pushed open, Lindsay Leroy who was dressed in the business suit walked into his office, “Congratulations, Stanford.”
Stanford didn’t answer her, he didn’t move, and he didn’t even turn his head.
“Your long-cherished wish has finally come true, you have now taken over the WY Group, aren’t you feeling happy?” Lindsay asked hesitantly.
Although she was Amanda’s classmate, as well as her best friend, she knew more about Stanford’s suffering.
She could do whatever for this man.
Because she loved him.
She had waited for so long, and finally the day had come.
“Of course I’m happy.” Stanford turned slowly, the handsome face looked cold and there was no emotion on his face, he didn’t feel better after revenging. His brain was full of the scene in which Amanda was holding back the tears and looking at him with desperation.
He clenched his fists suddenly.
He tried so hard to let himself stop thinking about it, then he said coldly, “Notify all the departments to have a meeting.”
“Yes.” Lindsay glanced at him, then she turned and left.
Soon, the managers of all departments had gathered in the meeting room.
Stanford was the last one to enter the meeting room, he wanted to announce that the James Group would no longer exist.
The James Group was his dad’s company, but now it belonged to him, and the WY Group also belonged to him now.
He had merged the James Group and WY Group, then officially changed the name to J&Y Group.
The merging of the two companies would definitely expand their businesses, some more the WY Group was always the lead firm, and it had appeared in front of everyone with a new look.
“We’ll definitely be busy during this period. Lindsay, please help Atwood Barret to settle the related matters.”
“Okay.” Lindsay agreed happily.
She envied Amanda since a long time ago. Amanda looked pretty, she had a strong background and the parents who loved her, she possessed the best of everything in this world. Even Stanford, who was the man she liked, had married her.
‘Now, finally, she has lost everything, including the WY Group which was left by her parents.’
‘She has also lost Stanford!’
‘Finally, she knows how it feels like to lose everything.”
Atwood had always stayed by Stanford, so he knew everything about him, but he didn’t think in the same way as Lindsay, he was more worried about Stanford.
‘Although the reason that Stanford married Amanda was just for the revenge, he had stayed together with Amanda for many years, would he have no feelings for her at all?’
Even if when the pet which was kept for a long time went missing, people would still feel upset, let alone a human.
He was worried that Stanford might be blinded by the hate, and he would regret his current decision.
“Mr. James, do you want to consider about it again, since the WY…”
“Why do we need to consider it again? She can only blame herself for whatever that had happened!” Lindsay interrupted Atwood.
“When they fell into the river together, only two people were staying alive out of three. Stanford’s mum was the only one who had died, but what they had done in the end? Did they want to erase everything by just giving some money? Is it that the life of a servant doesn’t matter? An eye for an eye, we’re just doing the same thing!”
“Mr. James!” The door of the office was pushed open suddenly, the secretary was standing at the door, “The polices are looking for you.”
#####Chapter 879 What Does It Mean by Giving Him the Name Casimir
There were two polices in their uniform coming, then they said, “A fire has happened in an abandoned factory at western suburbs, these were found outside the scene.”
The police gave him a bag with a phone and a suicide note inside.
Stanford’s emotion changed in a moment, then he said coldly, “What do you mean?”
“Based on our preliminary judgement, the fire was set by your wife and the reason was to commit suicide,” the police said.
Stanford couldn’t believe it, he almost couldn’t breathe. ‘Suicide? She had committed suicide? It’s impossible!’
He stretched out his arm and took the things from the police, it was exactly her phone. Then, there was a letter, it was exactly her writing as well when he opened it.
A message was written in the letter: Stanford, my life feels meaningless without you. Goodbye, nope, we shall never meet again!
His body became stiff, there was a tremor in his voice that he didn’t realize, “Where is my wife now?”
“The scene was seriously damaged, we didn’t find your wife,” the police said, “Now we need to know that is there a conflict in marriage occurring between you and your wife? Which has probably caused your wife to commit suicide?”
Stanford didn’t answer the police, he took the phone and went outside immediately.
“Eh…”
“Please ask me if you have any questions.” Atwood walked toward the polices.
Lindsay glanced at Atwood, then she chased after Stanford and went outside.
Stanford drove his car back to the villa, then he pushed the door open, inside the house was empty. He trotted inside, everything remained the same as when he left. Nothing was moved, the only thing that was moved by someone, was the divorce settlement agreement on the table!
He walked there, her name was written on the signature part of the agreement.
‘She…’
‘She had signed it?’
‘Wasn’t it that she was unwilling to sign it?’
Stanford flopped down on the sofa, his brain was buzzing and going blank.
“Stanford.” Lindsay walked inside and stood in front of him, “You have divorced Amanda, whether she is dead or still alive, it has nothing to do with you anymore.”
Stanford raised his head slowly and looked at Lindsay, “Nothing to do with me?”
“Yes, you’ve married her just because you want to take revenge on her.” Lindsay squatted down in front of him, “Have you forgotten how your mum had died? No matter how is she now, it has nothing to do with you, or do you really have feelings for her? Don’t forget that she is your enemy!”
“I don’t forget!” Stanford clenched his fists tightly. Even until now, he could still remember the scene when his mum died. She was working as a babysitter at the Nelson family’s home during that time, then she had died shortly afterwards.
During that time, two more people were sitting in the same car with his mum, but both of them were fine, only his mum had died.
He had knelt in front of his dad beside the corpse and asked him to bring his mum to justice. However, his dad had accepted the huge amount of compensation given by the Nelson family, so he didn’t hold the person who had caused his mum’s death to account!
“Stanford, have you forgotten of your mum’s suffering when she raised you alone in the rural area since you were young? When life finally improved, your dad had abandoned her again. Have you forgotten of the suffering that she had gone through? Initially, she thought that she can take care of her once you grow up, but she was then killed by someone. Do you really want to pity the person that had caused her death?”
Stanford looked away from Lindsay, “No, I don’t.”
He was saying this without confidence, he also didn’t know why he was unhappy at all even though he had taken revenge on her.
“You have divorced her, it has nothing to do with you, no matter how she is. Stanford, don’t let your mum feel restless in the grave.” Lindsay was always talking about his mum because she knew about his love for his mum.
Or else he wouldn’t have planned for so long, just to avenge her death!
Stanford took the agreement from the table, then he pulled the drawer open and put it inside. ‘She’s right, we’re not related to each other anymore. How is she now, has nothing to do with me.’
‘Nothing!’
He composed himself, “Let’s go back to the company.”
Lindsay said, “Okay.”
When they were back at the company, the two polices had not left yet.
“Based on her personality, she definitely won’t commit suicide, please investigate it carefully.” Atwood knew Amanda well, she wouldn’t commit suicide even if Stanford divorced her.
“Of course, we will find out the truth,” the police said.
At this moment, Stanford walked toward them. He was 1.85 meters tall, his shoulders were broad, his waist was slim and his legs were long. He was dressed in a classic black suit which fitted him well and made his body outline look more obvious.
“I have divorced her already, everything about her has nothing to do with me now. Whether she is dead or still alive, has nothing to do with me too. Please don’t ask me anything about her anymore.” Stanford looked coldly at Atwood after saying this, “Send them away.”
He walked toward his office after he finished his words.
The two polices looked at each other, then they looked toward Atwood, “Did he really divorce his wife already?”
After all, the grand wedding ceremony with the handsome groom and the pretty bride during that time had made many people admire them.
But now their marriage had ended in divorce, and the wife had committed suicide?
Atwood nodded, “Yes, they have gotten divorced.”
The polices had roughly gotten the idea, so they went back to the police station and reported to the superiors.
Stanford had purposely ignored this matter, he was now busy with the integration of the companies, so he had devoted all his time to his work.
When the big fire was put out at the scene, two corpses were found in the ruin.
After the investigation, they were one male and one female.
The identity of the female corpse was verified as Amanda, while the identity of the male corpse was not yet verified.
When this news was out, everyone was guessing, ‘Was it because Amanda had cuckolded Stanford, then she had committed suicide for love with the adulterer.’ 
Thus, the sensational wedding ceremony in the past had become a huge joke now.
In the Mercy Vale Hospital.
There were bandages on Amanda’s face, her whole body couldn’t move too. She was staring at the television’s screen and her eyes were full of hate.
“Why did you ask me to change the DNA of the female corpse to yours? Why do you want to let everyone think that you’re dead?” Casimir Bailey was talking inarticulately. He had lived abroad for many years and he had just come back not long before, so he couldn’t speak fluently.
Amanda’s eyes fell on Casimir, “Do you think that I will commit suicide?”
Casimir shook his head, “Life is so precious, only idiots will give up life.”
“I’ve let you purposely fake the scene that I’m dead because I want to let those people who hurt me lower their guard.” So that she would have the chance to take back everything that she had lost.
She was the only daughter of the Nelson family and she had grown up with her dad’s protection. When she was eighteen years old, her parents had given her all the shares of WY Group.
Andrew didn’t like to go into business, so he had entered the armed forces since long time ago and joined a secret organization, even she also couldn’t get to contact him.
When Joshua was twelve years old, Mr. Adams had passed away. After that, he had gone to City C to live with Armand and Theresa, then he inherited the JK Group when he grew up, so he would seldom come back.
Hence, everything which belonged to the Nelson family was given to her, but she had lost them.
She couldn’t let her dad’s hard work fall into other people’s hands, or else she felt so sorry for the love from her parents.
There was respect in Casimir’s eyes when looking at Amanda, she was in such a bad situation now, but she was still thinking so much about it.
“Don’t worry, I’ll help you.” Casimir comforted her, “Take care of yourself first, you’re seriously injured.”
Amanda nodded, and then she asked, “Have you found your dad’s whereabouts?”
“Not yet.” He was searching for him blindly; he had no clue at all. The only thing that he knew was that his dad was staying domestically, and he was in City B.
He really couldn’t get to find his dad with only this clue.
He knew Amanda from his work, saving her was also just a coincidence.
“By the way, why are there two corpses found at the scene?” Amanda didn’t know whether it was related to her.
“I’ll help you to investigate about it, I also have no idea of who they are,” Casimir said.
“To what extent does your mum despise you, so she had given you the name Casimir?” Amanda couldn’t imagine that a mother would give her child a name that meant destroyer of peace. 
“What does it mean?” Casimir didn’t understand the meaning of the word.
“You can Google it,” Amanda said gently.
#####Chapter 880 The Stubbornness in Her Bones
Casimir took out his phone, then he followed what Amanda said, and googled the meaning of his name, soon there were many answers shown on the screen.
He input some words “Casimir name meaning”.
Then the results quickly popped out.
“French and Dutch: from the personal name Casimir, a name of Slavic origin meaning 'destroyer of peace'.”
He let Amanda see his phone, “Is this the meaning of my name?”
Amanda took a glance at the phone, the meaning was really bad.
His mum had simply given him this name.
“Is the relationship between your parents good?” Amanda asked.
“Good?” Casimir pursed his lips, “I don’t even meet my dad before, more my mum doesn’t allow me to talk about my dad, do you think it’s good?”
Amanda also thought that she had asked too much about it. Just by looking at his name, she would know that he was born in the absence of love between his parents.
“Then are you having the same surname as your mum?” Amanda asked.
Casimir nodded, “I don’t know what the surname of my dad is.”
“You don’t have any important clues, how do you want to find him? Some more there are so many people out there; he may not be staying in City B.”
“I will just forget it if I really can’t find him, since I’m searching for him secretly without letting my mum know about it. She will definitely be unhappy if she knows it.” Casimir was not stubborn; he just wanted to know how his dad looked like.
If the predetermined binding force didn’t exist between them, then he would just forget it.
When Amanda’s injury got better, she left City B and received treatment overseas.
At J&Y Group…
Lindsay knocked on the door and came in, then she gave Stanford a document, “This is the person in charge from RM Group who will come and discuss the cooperation with us.”
RM Group was a foreign company, the project in which they were cooperating with J&Y Group this time, might help them to enter the domestic market.
While J&Y Group would also gain half of the resources from this cooperation, so it was cooperation that would result in a win-win situation.
Both parties were taking this matter seriously.
Stanford opened the document, and to his surprise, the person in charge was having the same nationality as theirs. When his eyes fell on the person’s eyes in the photo, he was startled for a while, the eyes had made him recall another person.
A person that had died.
He then looked at the profile beside the photo, but every detail in the profile was not related to the person that he knew.
Only the eyes were similar to that person.
Her name was Simona Flores.
“Shall I let Atwood pick her up from the airport?” Lindsay asked.
“What’s the arrival time of her flight?” Stanford closed the file.
“Three o’clock in the afternoon,” Lindsay answered him.
“I’ll go to pick her up.” Stanford picked up the landline telephone and made a call to the secretarial office, “Book a hotel with a nice environment.”
“Yes, Mr. James.”
He hung up the phone, then he took a file on the table and opened it.
“Mr. James, you don’t have to go in person at all…”
“Why.” Stanford raised his head, his voice sounded slightly cold, “Do I need your approval?”
Lindsay explained immediately, “No, I’m just worried that RM Group will look down on us if you were to be humble. Since she is just the person in charge of this project, it will be suitable for either me or Atwood to go, but you’re not suitable.”
Ever since he had divorced Amanda, he had devoted all his time to the work throughout this year. After the two companies were merged, the company was developing very well.
Of course, this was strongly related to his efforts.
“We can show more of our sincerity if I’m going, I’ve decided it. Go ahead with your work.”
“But…”
“Go.” Stanford’s voice became colder, it was obvious that he didn’t want to talk about this anymore.
Lindsay didn’t dare to continue talking about this, he had become colder than before. He could still listen to her words in the past, but now he was treating her more coldly and keeping a farther distance from her.
This was not the outcome that she wanted, she had planned deliberately just because she wanted to marry him.
She pursed her lips and left the office. When the door of the office was closed, Stanford put down the file in his hand and pinched his nose, even he himself also didn’t know why he had made this decision.
She was a representative that he had never met before, just because she had similar eyes to Amanda.
He turned his head and looked outside the window, his face fell.
At 2.50 p.m., a black luxury car stopped outside the international airport. Soon, Atwood got out of the car and opened the rear door, Atwood bent over and got out of the car.
At the exit gate, a thin woman had stood out from the rest of the people, making other people can’t help stopping and looking at her. She had soft and black wavy hair, and she was wearing a pair of big sunglasses which had hidden half of her face, the red lips looked pretty and sexy. She was dressed in a camel coat and there was a belt around her waist, which had quietly shown her slim and tall body shape. The ten-inch heel shoes that she was wearing, had made her look more confident.
Her phone rang suddenly, she stopped walking and took out her phone, then she answered it.
Joshua was talking on the other end of the phone, “Amanda, do you need my help?”
Such a serious thing had happened to her, for sure he knew it.
But Amanda didn’t allow him to intervene.
“I’ll settle my own business.” Indeed, she didn’t want to let anyone know this, but she really couldn’t get to hide it from them.
“Fine, call me anytime when you need my help.” Joshua didn’t force her, because he knew her style.
She was deeply hurt and betrayed by that person, she definitely wanted to take revenge by herself. If he were she, he wouldn’t allow other people to intervene as well.
This was the stubbornness in her bones!
“Be careful.”
“I will.”
“Is it that lady?” Atwood pointed at the lady who was talking on the phone in the crowd.
Stanford looked toward the lady.
Amanda felt that someone was staring at her, so she looked in the direction. When she saw the man who was standing in the lobby, she clenched the hand which was holding the phone. She thought that they would only get to meet each other during the meeting, she didn’t expect to see him so soon.
“Goodbye.” Amanda put down her phone.
She pulled her luggage and walked toward them.
Atwood walked toward her, “Are you Ms. Flores?”
Amanda nodded, then Atwood took her luggage, “Let me take it.”
She let go of the luggage, then she directly walked toward Stanford and stood in front of him. She took off her sunglasses and stretched out her hand to Stanford, “I’m Simona Flores from RM Group, and I’m the person in charge of the cooperation project this time.”
Stanford looked at her eyes, they were dark and shiny, with fortitude in them.
The eyes were still different from that person in his mind. Although they were similar, the person in his mind had the lively and pure eyes, not only with the fortitude in them. However, the eyes of this lady in front of him looked mysterious.
“Mr. James.”
Stanford didn’t respond for a long time, so Amanda smiled and called him.
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Flores.” Stanford regained his composure, then he stretched out his hand and shook hands with Amanda. They took their hands back after a short while, he could feel that her palm was cold.
“I didn’t expect that Mr. James will come in person.” She said formally.
“I’m taking this matter seriously.” Stanford found an excuse for himself.
Amanda smiled, “The RM Group is also cooperating with J&Y Group with utmost sincerity.”
“This is not a good place to talk, maybe we shall bring Ms. Flores to the hotel first?” Atwood interrupted.
“Sure, we’ll discuss the work later during the meeting.” Amanda looked toward Atwood, “I’m sorry for troubling you to bring me there, I’m not familiar with this place.”
“Haven’t you been here before?” Stanford asked.
“No,” Amanda answered shortly.
Stanford lowered his eyes gently, there was disappointment in his eyes.
#####Chapter 881 You’re Silly
“Ms. Flores, please take a rest first and we will discuss our work later.” Atwood handed her luggage to her.
“Thank you.” Amanda took over her luggage.
Atwood turned around and left after glancing at her. Amanda was still standing at the doorway and did not close the door immediately. Instead, she watched Atwood close the lift and leave while Casimir walked out from the corner of the corridor.
“He has gone far away, right?”
“Come in quickly.” Amanda pulled Casimir in.
She took off her high heels and replaced them with slippers. Then, she put her luggage aside and asked while sitting down on the sofa, “How is the matter that I asked you to investigate?”
Throughout this year, he and Amanda had become close friends that could share anything between them. He had also helped her investigate something during this period.
“After your death, Stanford merged James Group and WY Group, which is now the J&Y Group. As for that posthumous letter, I really haven’t found out who put it there.”
Amanda narrowed her eyes. The letter must be purposely put by somebody who harmed her when she was judged to have committed suicide. The person who harmed her must be Stanford but she had no evidence yet.
She had to find the evidence.
“You have just come back. Relax and let’s go to have dinner. I will treat you as welcoming you back.” Casimir said while smiling.
“I’m tired. I don’t want to go out anymore. Cook something in the room and just simply eat it.” Amanda moved her neck.
“No, no, let’s go out to eat.” Casimir pulled Amanda, “Hurry up. Put on your shoes.”
Amanda had no choice but to agree. She promised as she did not want to disappoint him for being so hospitable.
She put on her shoes and went out with Casimir.
“Where are we going?” Amanda asked as she got into the car.
Casimir said, “Just sit down and relax. I will arrange everything for you today.”
He drove the car after saying that.
Soon, he parked the car in front of a high-class restaurant in the city. Amanda used to come here before, so she was not surprised. She smiled while looking at Casimir, “You really don’t have to spend so much.”
“It’s rare for you to come back, so I must spend it for you. Otherwise, how can I show my sincerity?” Casimir got out of the car and passed the car key to the waiter.
Both of them walked in and picked the seat at the corner where it was quieter.
Soon, the waiter came over. Amanda was probably exhausted, so she let Casimir order for her.
Casimir smiled, “So, can I order whatever I like?”
Amanda smiled, “Of course you can. You pay for it anyway.”
She glanced around the restaurant as she spoke. Suddenly, she saw two people coming in from the doorway. They were Stanford and Lindsay following beside him.
She frowned as she met with her enemy again for the second time on the first day she had just returned here.
Soon, they sat down at the seat near the window.
Lindsay ordered the food.
Stanford asked after the waiter had left, “What do you want to tell me actually?”
Lindsay smiled, “Let’s have dinner first.”
Stanford was slightly impatient, “If you don’t want to talk about it, then let’s talk about it next time.”
He got up.
Lindsay grabbed his hand hurriedly and pleaded in a soft voice, “Stanford, can’t you even have dinner with me?”
“I still have something to do…” Stanford still refused.
“Stanford, I like you. I have liked you for a long time. You have divorced her for a year long. How about let’s try being together?” Lindsay said humbly.
Stanford frowned in surprise, “Lindsay, what are you saying?”
“I say I liked you for a long time…”
“Lindsay!” Stanford interrupted her, “You’re silly.”
He wrenched himself from Lindsay’s grasp after saying that. Then, he turned around and left the restaurant.
“Stanford.” Lindsay chased after him.
“Oh my God. We can even meet him in the same restaurant. I wonder if we didn’t check the calendar right.” Casimir suspected.
Amanda glanced at him, “You’re getting more outspoken now. I’m going out for a while.”
Lindsay actually liked Stanford. Why didn’t she realize it before?
Lindsay had liked him a long time ago. When exactly Lindsay started to like him?
Her fingers curled up. Lindsay was her classmate as well as her good friend.
“I go together with you.” Casimir stood up.
“There are too many people around and it’s easy to be spotted. I will just go check it out myself.” Amanda patted his shoulder.
Then, she followed them out alone.
Lindsay kept following him outside the restaurant, “Stanford, you have put all your effort and time into your work during this year. You don’t allow anybody to mention her. Why is it so? Have you fallen in love with her?”
Stanford suddenly stopped walking. He turned around and looked back at her sharply.
“She is your enemy. She has died because of taking things too seriously. You have just divorced her and it’s not your fault. What’s more, she deserves to die…”
“Shut up!” Stanford raised his voice while his expression was grim, “Don’t mention her!”
“Why can’t I mention her?” Lindsay’s eyes turned red, “You have forgotten how your mother died…”
Stanford strangled her neck as he did not want to hear these words again, “Lindsay, remember your status clearly.”
Lindsay did not dare to believe he would do this to her, “What is my status? You have been in pursuit of Amanda. I as her classmate and good friend, I’m willing to find out her interests and then tell you. So, you can get her attention. I help you wholeheartedly. What status do you think I’m?”
Stanford blinked his eyes as he slightly loosened his grip on her neck, “You’re her friend and you shouldn’t even think like that.”
“If it wasn’t to help you, I wouldn’t have become friends with her. I did everything for you. Stanford, are you going to be single for the rest of your life? Why can’t you see my good? Let bygones be bygones. But now, she has already disappeared. Can’t you spend more time on me?” Lindsay sobbed, “Is it just because she is a rich woman who is loved by everybody?”
“You know that I never see a person from his status. I’m not born from a good background too.” Stanford let go of her, “Don’t say such words in the future.”
“Stanford…”
Stanford got into his car and left.
Lindsay stood still in place watching the car that sped away. She was overwhelmed with reluctance.
Amanda stood by the wall for a long time before regaining her sense. The good friend whom she always thought of was just approaching her with a purpose?
Or was it for Stanford?
Oh…
Nobody around her treated her sincerely. Stanford, Lindsay, her loved one and her friend were approaching her with ulterior motives?
The people whom she treated with sincerity were all intending to deceive and harm her so that they could take over her assets?
How could people’s hearts be so evil?
“Are you alright?” Casimir walked over.
Amanda wiped the tears in her eyes, “I’m fine.”
“Go in and eat something,” Casimir said.
Amanda replied “okay”.
Casimir asked after sitting at the table, “What have you heard? It seems that you’re unhappy.”
He regretted saying that as she was already upset. How could she continue the dinner if he discussed such a sad topic with her?
“Hey, let’s eat. Let’s eat first.” Casimir kept giving her food.
“You should eat some more too.” Amanda calmed down herself.
Casimir sent her back to the hotel and told her to have a good rest after eating.
However, she tossed and turned in bed as she could not fall asleep for a long while. The man who loved her before and his desperate look kept coming across her mind.
He was forcing her to divorce and wanted to kill her!
Stanford James!
She clutched her pillow tightly.
It was the next day.
Amanda arrived at J&Y Group in formal attire.
#####Chapter 882 You’re Inside Here
As she stood under the huge building, she raised her head and looked up at the magnificent building. She could not help but sneer.
How stupid had she been in the beginning to believe in every word he had said? She believed and loved him wholeheartedly but what did she get in return eventually?
“Ms. Flores.” Atwood walked over, “You have reached here so early.”
“We on behalf of RM Group take this collaboration seriously. So, I don’t want to be late.” Amanda was wearing a suit today. She kept her hair back neatly so that she looked clean and competent.
“Please come inside.” Atwood made a welcome gesture to Amanda.
Amanda walked into the building.
There were still many familiar faces here since nothing had changed much during this year. She was still familiar with the surrounding people but she did not have the same state of mind as in the past.
“Is Mr. James married yet?” She asked casually.
Atwood was startled and said politely, “He is single now.”
“Oh.”
After getting off the lift, Atwood led her to the meeting room and pushed the door open, “Ms. Flores, please have a seat first. Mr. James will arrive shortly.”
Amanda nodded gently as she walked into the meeting room. She pulled out a chair and sat down. Then, she took out all the documents and placed them on the table.
The secretary poured a glass of water and brought it over.
“Thank you.” She lifted the glass of water and took a sip. Then, she looked around the meeting room while putting the glass back on the table.
“Mr. James.” The secretary met Stanford who was coming in at the doorway.
Amanda straightened her body when she heard the voice.
Stanford stepped into the meeting room. The familiar footsteps and even the approaching scent stirred up her emotions. However, she was able to calm down quickly.
Atwood who was following him walked past the meeting table and sat down opposite Amanda.
“This is the contract. Mr. James, please take a look at it.” Amanda placed the document in front of them.
Stanford took it over and flipped through the content.
Amanda slightly leaned back on the chair, “We all know that Aegis Security Services is operating quite well at the moment. The parent company has made a net profit of 152 million dollars in August alone this year. They definitely won’t allow all shares acquisition by other people. Besides, there are two large trust companies behind them. If we want to purchase their shares, not only do we need a strong capital base, but also a thorough plan. This document separates both our companies in terms of commitments. If you think there is something inappropriate, we can discuss it again.”
Stanford raised his head.
“Is there any problem?” Amanda asked with a smile.
“No problem. It’s just that Ms. Flores’s tone reminds me of somebody whom I shouldn’t be thinking of.” He closed the file, “Equal pay for an equal reward. There is nothing wrong to share the profit by half. But if you want to use the name of J&Y Group, you have to commit 2 more per cent.”
“It’s just a name…”
“Then we will use the name of RM Group instead.” Stanford interrupted aggressively.
This was his usual negotiating tactic as he would never give in. He would always demonstrate a dominant possession when dealing with profit.
Amanda was well-prepared since she had been with him for so long before. She still knew his character.
“You know it’s not easy to acquire Aegis Security Services. Although we use the name of J&Y Group, still the acquisition proposal will be carried out by us. What does Mr. James think?”
Stanford crossed his hands and rested on top of the file. His posture was overbearing while he looked askance at Amanda, “Ms. Flores, you don’t look very old. How did you become the person in charge of this case appointed by RM Group?”
“Mr. James also doesn’t look much older than me and you’re…” She smiled while throwing up her hands, “You’re already the general manager of such a big company.”
She slowly straightened her body and gazed at him aggressively, “Then can I ask how did Mr. James manage to achieve such success today?”
Stanford narrowed his eyes when he had eye contact with her, “Who are you?”
Amanda leaned backwards and chuckled, “Is Mr. James forgetful? How can you forget your business partner so quickly?”
Stanford clenched his fists tightly. It was obvious that the two faces were completely different, but why was he so familiar with her?
“Mr. James, how is my suggestion? If Mr. James thinks it’s feasible, we will sign the contract today and we will propose it within a month. What does Mr. James think?”
“Ms. Flores, regarding the proposal, we on behalf of J&Y Group can also…”
“Just do as Ms. Flores said.” Stanford suddenly changed his usual domineering posture. He flipped open the file and signed the contract.
Atwood looked at him with his eyes wide open, “Mr. James…”
“Don’t say it anymore. That’s all.” He closed the file and handed the document to her after signing the contract.
Amanda thought in her mind that she might have to negotiate a bit more with him. However, she did not expect him to sign it so quickly. She picked up the pen and signed the contract. Stanford stared at her handwriting as she signed.
However, it was not like what he had expected.
Her handwriting had been so neat in the past, but her handwriting now was so messy and ugly.
She raised her head after she finished signing, “Sorry for my poor handwriting.”
Stanford was very disappointed deep in his heart.
“Mr. James, I’m looking forward to our cooperation.” Amanda closed the file and reached out her hand.
Stanford also reached out to shake hands with her. He did not withdraw his hand immediately this time, but he held her hand, “Have we ever met before?”
Amanda withdrew her hand and asked with a smile, “Why did Mr. James say that?”
“I’m sorry for being abrupt.” He regained his sense and said, “I still have other things to do.”
He got up and walked out of the meeting room. He stopped when reaching the door, “Ms. Flores is unfamiliar with City B since she has just come here for the first time. Atwood, you bring her back to the hotel.”
“Alright.” Atwood stood up.
He was too abnormal today.
Atwood looked at Amanda intuitively as he pondered about it. In fact, he did not notice anything weird.
“Ms. Flores, please.” Atwood walked over and made a polite gesture.
Amanda picked up the document and said with a smile, “Sorry to trouble you then.”
“Not troublesome at all.” Atwood walked ahead and led her just as he had brought her in.
Stanford returned to his office and sat down at his desk. He was also aware of his abnormal reaction today.
He pulled the drawer and took out a crystal-framed picture. The picture had been kept in the drawer for a year. Since she was gone, he kept the picture in the drawer and he never dared to look at it again.
His heart hurt vaguely when he stared at the old picture.
He reached out to touch the person in the picture. The smiling face was so innocent and romantic.
He still remembered that she had requested him to put the picture in his office.
She hugged him while acting cute, “Stanford, I want you to look at me every day.”
“Childish.” He said helplessly at that moment.
“It’s supposed to be childish when you love somebody.” She put the picture on his desk regardless of whether he had agreed. She also said smugly, “I look pretty, right?”
She did look pretty.
“I look at you every day. Should I put a picture of me at home so that you can look at me every day too?” He said while hugging her.
She held his hand and placed it over her heart. Then, she smiled and said to him, “You’re inside here. I will think about you every day.”
At that moment, he wanted to flinch but he was unwilling to let go of it.
While looking at her serious yet innocent smile, he smiled with her at that moment as he could only see her in his eyes.
There was a snap!
He suddenly dropped the picture on the table. He bent down as he put his hand on his heart.
He could not suppress the pain in his heart regardless of whatever method.
“You know what? I hate you so much when I watch you smile. How can you be so heartless? She has just died recently and you’re already so happy. You don’t even feel upset about her death when going to school. Why are you so cruel by just leaving me alone?”
#####Chapter 883 Fundraising Dinner
Knock, knock…
There was a sudden knock on the office door.
He clenched his fist and calmed down after a while. He put the picture back into the drawer and flipped through a file. He then only said, “Come in.”
Lindsay walked in with a document in her hand. She handed it over to him, “This is needed for today, so I need your signature.”
Stanford took it over and flipped through it indifferently.
“You don’t seem to look well. Are you uncomfortable?” Lindsay asked with concern. She did not mention what had happened yesterday.
Stanford did not answer as he pursed his lips.
Lindsay bit her lip, “Stanford…”
“Done.” He tossed the signed document over as he did not want to hear Lindsay’s words obviously.
Lindsay clenched her fist and finally held back the words she wanted to say. She picked up the document, “ ‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation is going to organize a fundraising dinner and you’re invited.”
As she said, she handed a golden bronzing card to him.
This kind of event was usually attended by dignitaries, mainly to provide them with a publicity platform in a bid to demonstrate their status as well as a good reputation.
This was a mutually beneficial event as the rich would donate to earn a good reputation while the foundation would then help those needy people with the raised fund.
Stanford glanced at it and said, “I know it.”
“I will go with you.” Lindsay said but she was afraid that he would decline her, “You need a female companion beside you for this kind of event.”
Stanford replied faintly, “Fine, continue with your work then.”
It was in the hotel.
Casimir knocked on Amanda’s door while holding a box in his hand.
She was wearing casual home clothes and a pair of anti-blue light glasses, working in front of her computer. She walked over and opened the door when she heard the sound.
When she saw that it was Casimir, she asked, “Why are you here?”
“There is something of course.” He went into the room without getting her permission.
She closed the door and took off her glasses while asking, “Do you want to get something to drink?”
“I don’t need. Try on this gown.” Casimir handed it over.
Amanda looked at him blankly, “What’s the point of trying on this gown?”
“There is something of course.” Casimir pulled her, “A fundraising dinner. I don’t have a female companion, so you’re going with me.”
Amanda frowned, “I don’t have time.”
“I don’t care. You must come unless you don’t want to be friends with me anymore.” Casimir sat down on the sofa cheekily.
Amanda grabbed the gown helplessly, “You have helped me a lot but you rarely want me to help. So, I will do you a favour today.”
Casimir smiled, “Being my companion isn’t a shameful thing. I’m not ugly, right?”
Amanda could not help but laugh, “Enough boasting about yourself.”
“So, you’re saying that I’m ugly, right?” Casimir stared at her with his eyes wide open.
“Fine, you aren’t ugly.” Amanda took the gown and went to change the clothes after she saying that.
After a while, she came out in a white dress and asked, “Is it okay?”
Casimir’s eyes flashed, “This really suits you. I still have an eye for it. After styling your hair, it will be perfect.”
“I don’t need to make up, do I?” Amanda asked.
“You’re already good-looking without make-up.” Casimir smiled and said.
Amanda still wanted to put on light make-up, “You’re a manager attending such an event for the first time, so I can’t let you down.”
After a year of hard work, Casimir had become the branch manager for his company. Although he didn’t look serious all the time, he was still quite capable.
“That’s good.” Casimir grinned as he was even happier.
Amanda looked at him and smiled.
It was seven o’clock in the evening.
At the entrance to the dinner, there was a long queue and full of luxury cars.
It seemed that the dinner tonight was very grand.
Lindsay had dressed up elegantly for the dinner tonight as she was wearing a black gown. She looked stunning and charming while holding Stanford’s arm in the dinner. She turned out to be so gracious that some people even said that she did match Stanford well.
She turned her head and looked at Stanford eagerly. However, Stanford just showed her an indifferent look.
She could not help but feel slightly disappointed.
As the car stopped, the driver got out and opened the car door. Casimir bent down and got out of the car. He looked formal and steady as he was dressed in a grey suit. Then, he turned around and reached out to hold Amanda.
He behaved like a gentleman as well as a prince too.
Amanda reached out and put her hand in his palm. She smiled gently and got out of the car.
“Hold me.” Casimir stood up straight seriously. He became more mature instead of being playful all the while.
Amanda held his arm.
“Let’s go,” Casimir said.
Both of them walked in together.
Everybody knew Casimir who was the head of a foreign company’s branch settling in here. However, it was the woman beside him that caught people’s attention.
“There are so many beauties today.” Somebody exclaimed.
Casimir nodded gently as he seemed to enjoy people looking at him enviously.
Lindsay turned around and was surprised to see Amanda. Didn’t she just arrive here? How could she recognize Casimir and appear on this occasion?
It seemed that the person behind him was too attractive. So, Stanford turned around and saw her in a white dress from a distance away. She looked so delicate in the white dress while her black hair was simply charming. She was extremely elegant and pretty while holding Casimir’s arm with her slender hand.
Stanford was attracted to her since the kind of aura was the same as the woman who had held him before.
“Stanford.” Lindsay grabbed his arm tightly.
Stanford regained his sense as Casimir walked towards him.
“Mr. James.” Casimir greeted him.
Although they did not have any business dealings, he still recognized Stanford.
Everybody knew Stanford as he was the most popular guy in City B.
In fact, he was competent enough in achieving such a social status today.
Amanda had already expected that he would definitely be present on such an occasion when she came here. However, he was here with Lindsay.
She could not help but sneer in her heart. Her expression was calm, “Mr. James and this young lady match perfectly.”
“Thanks…”
“We’re just friends.”
Stanford interrupted Lindsay.
At this moment, a voice came from the host, “Fate has brought us together at this gathering. Without love, we won’t have met today.”
After some opening remarks, the host’s voice became even louder and clearer, “Tonight, we’re organizing this fundraising dinner to contribute to the poor. First of all, I will like to thank all of your support and send my sincere greeting on behalf of the organizer. There will be an auction to raise funds tonight. Of course, these auction items are also donated by people from all walks of life. All the money raised tonight will be used to help the needy through ‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation.”
“To march ahead for love and make our dreams come true. Our fundraising dinner tonight will officially begin. Let’s start with the first auction item presented by our model.”
Soon, a female model slowly walked onto the stage in a beautiful dress with delicate make-up as well.
She did not hold anything in her hand. Everybody was discussing while some even teased, “Is this an auction for a person?”
The host laughed, “This gentleman is funny. Our first auction today is a limited-edition diamond ring donated by a caring person who has done good deeds anonymously.”
The model raised her hand as the host was speaking.
An impressive diamond ring was presented in front of the crowd.
Amanda was stunned when she saw the ring.
Stanford’s expression was not that calm too.
This was a custom-made ring that he had bought when he proposed to Amanda. She had never taken it off after she put it on. He thought that it was with her…
Amanda clenched her fist. What was going on here?
After she was rescued by Casimir, the ring on her hand was lost. She thought that she had lost it but how did it appear at the auction?
At this moment, the host said loudly.
“This ring is rather expensive, so the starting bid is 2 million!”
#####Chapter 884 Sixty Six Million
The price of the first auction item was so high that nobody dared to bid.
Casimir sensed that Amanda was slightly emotional, so he asked in a low voice, “What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m fine.” She was just a bit sentimental when she saw something that she had been familiar with before.
Suddenly, a male voice came from the second floor, “Six million.”
The voice instantly broke the deadlock at that moment.
It was even surprising when somebody added four million directly.
Stanford clenched his fist, “Ten million.”
Lindsay looked up at him. She was getting unhappy as she looked at the ring on the model’s hand.
She could also recognize that the ring belonged to Amanda.
A voice came from the second floor again, “Twenty million.”
Whoa…
His bid caused a commotion. Wasn’t that crazy?
“Forty million,” Stanford said confidently as he was determined to win the bid.
Nobody made a higher bid as the price was out of their expectation. Even if they were rich, it was not easy to earn it actually.
The host was also excited as the first auction item was already so hot. The host raised his voice, “Forty million, is there anybody higher?”
Nobody raised their voice.
The host said again, “Four million first, four million second, four million…”
“Six million.” A voice came from the second floor again at this crucial moment.
Everybody wanted to see who was the person on the second floor? Why was the person so rich? Was it so easy to earn? The price had far exceeded the value of this ring.
“Stanford, it’s not worth it at all. This person upstairs doesn’t even show his face. Perhaps, he is an insider in this auction. He just bids up the price purposely…”
“Sixty-six million.”
Lindsay was interrupted by Stanford’s bidding voice before she could finish her words.
“Mr. James is really rich and generous.” Somebody said with a smile.
A ring that cost such an expensive price would definitely be on the news tomorrow.
Amanda gazed at the man who was bidding for the ring. What was he thinking?
Apparently, everybody knew that the bid was far beyond the value of the item itself.
Did he still have a heart?
No, he was heartless.
If he did, he would not have let her die!
At this moment, he just wanted to reassure himself.
However, she was curious about the person bidding on the second floor. Who was actually that person? She looked up but the upper floor was not open to the public, so she did not see that person.
“There must be something behind the scene.” Casimir also felt that this was arranged by the organizer deliberately.
“What is behind the scene?” Amanda asked.
“Bidding up purposely, raising the auction price.”
“I don’t think so.” Wasn’t he smart and calculating? Would he compete with the guy upstairs?
He would not obviously. It seemed that the guy upstairs was bidding up because he was sure that Stanford would want to win the bid.
“Sixty-six million first, Sixty-six million second…” The host slowed down as he said, “Sixty-six million…deal! Congratulations to Mr. James! Also, thank you Mr. James for your contribution tonight. Now, let’s have the model to present this ring to Mr. James.”
The model took the ring off her finger and put it into a velvet box. She held it on a tray carefully and walked towards Stanford.
Lindsay clenched her fist tightly. She was already dead and why did she still have to come and influence him?
“Mr. James.” The model held the tray in front of him.
Stanford reached out and picked up the ring. He gripped it in his hand and put it into his pocket.
His expression was extremely calm. However, he was gripping the ring tightly in his pocket as if the ring was embedded in his hand.
“Please let our model bring out the next auction item.”
Soon, a model came up with a painting in her hand.
The host was introducing the background of the painting and the artist as well.
The well-known painting must be expensive. Casimir was not interested as he was representing the company, not on behalf of himself. So, he would not bid simply and would only bid for the right price when he came across something.
Amanda was just accompanying him, so she was not interested either. She pulled him to a quiet place.
“Have you seen that ring?”
Casimir shook his head honestly.
Amanda thought in her mind whether somebody had picked it up and donated it to the organizer?
Otherwise, she could not think of any other explanation.
“You still haven’t found out the person who died at that time, right?” At that time, she had to go abroad for treatment, so she left before Casimir could check it out.
It was not mentioned afterwards.
Casimir nodded, “Can’t find out anything.”
Amanda frowned as the person had nothing to do with her but died in the fire that was aiming at her?
She always felt that there was something wrong. Commonly, the police would state the identity of the victim but they did not do so.
“The reserve price for this auction item is sixty thousand.”
Casimir looked over as he heard the sound. He wanted to bid for it as the price was quite low since he could not come without doing anything.
“I’m going to the washroom.” Amanda saw that he was interested, so she ended the conversation. She walked to the washroom in her high heels.
At this moment, Lindsay was looking at herself in the mirror in the washroom. As she stared at her delicate face and slim body, she thought that she was better than Amanda. Why Stanford was not attracted to her?
“Amanda, you’re already dead. Why do you still want to steal him from me?!”
She was really reluctant. After all, she did not get anything in the end even if she had done so much.
“I should have killed you earlier so that you won’t have the chance to live in his heart!”
#####Chapter 885 Is He Yours
The woman in the mirror looked grim as she was overwhelmed with resentment.
She calmed down herself and stepped out of the washroom after a long while.
Soon, she stopped walking.
It was because she saw somebody in front of her.
Lindsay narrowed her eyes, “Ms. Flores, when did you come over?”
Amanda loosened her grip slightly as she was initially clenching her fists. She smiled and said, “I have been here for a while.”
Lindsay’s expression suddenly changed immediately.
Amanda chuckled, “Just kidding. Nobody will come to the washroom if it isn’t urgent. Why do you look so pale?”
Lindsay glanced at her and did not say anything. Then, she walked away.
Amanda stood still in place while she grinned coldly.
The person who wanted to kill her was actually Lindsay.
This was something that she had never expected.
She turned around and looked back at Lindsay who had just left the washroom. Her gaze was getting even stern.
Some pain could only be understood by herself.
She walked into the washroom and looked at the sink. The marble sink was so shiny and clean that it could reflect a person’s image. She raised her eyes slowly and looked at herself in the mirror. It was completely a different face. Even her face was injured, it could still get recovered but she chose to change her appearance instead.
She was blind in the past.
Now, she was reborn. She wanted those who had deceived and harmed her to pay for it!
She did not go back to the dinner after walking out of the washroom. However, she walked to the door outside and stood at the staircase. She sent Casimir a message: I will wait for you at the door.
The weather was good today. She could see the stars in the sky as he raised her head. Her eyes were filled with tears while watching the stars for a long time, “I heard that when people die, they turn into stars in the sky. Which one are you? At this moment, are you looking at me too?”
She was feeling miserable in the pain of losing her child. Out of the blue, there was a sudden warmth with a familiar scent on her shoulder. She was shocked when she turned her head and saw Stanford standing beside her.
“The weather is cold. Ms. Flores should take care of yourself.”
She was so familiar with his breathing and the body heat left in his clothes. She calmed down quickly and said gently, “Mr. James, are you caring about me?”
“We have a collaboration right now. The progress will be delayed if Ms. Flores is sick.” Stanford was wearing a black shirt with a tie in front of his chest neatly. He put one of his hands into the pocket and looked ahead arrogantly.
“I thought Mr. James was concerned about me. Excuse me for my abrupt question, why is Mr. James so determined to get that ring? The value of the ring isn’t worth that price at all.”
Stanford turned his head and looked at Amanda. He remained silent for a moment, “Ms. Flores knew that it was abrupt, then you shouldn’t ask.”
He walked down the stairs and headed to the black car parked at the roadside after saying that.
Amanda raised her head and could not help but sneer. Was he pretending to be affectionate at this moment?
“Mr. James,” Amanda called and stopped him. She walked down the stairs carefully with her high heels. Then, she removed the suit from her body and handed it to him, “I’m not used to other people’s things.”
Stanford reached out to take it. Amanda turned around and saw Lindsay walking out. So, she purposely pretended to sprain her foot, “Ouch!”
Stanford held her subconsciously while she held Stanford’s neck in a panic.
The distance between them was too close. Moreover, the fabric of her gown was thin while he was only wearing a shirt. Such close contact made him feel warm suddenly. He almost hugged her without a second thought.
“Amanda.” He blurted out.
Amanda initially wanted to wrench out of him. However, she did not move at all when she saw him rushing over to her without considering his image. She did not even say anything. She just pretended to be shocked and continued lying in his arms.
She had changed her appearance but could not give another feeling to others since her body would not change.
Stanford enjoyed this familiar moment as he buried his face in her arms. He said hoarsely, “I miss you so much.”
“Stanford.” Lindsay’s face turned pale.
Amanda sneered as she looked at her anxious look. She pretended to regain her sense and pushed him away hurriedly.
Stanford was surprised and took a step backwards when he was pushed by her. He was stunned for a short while but he regained his sense soon, “Is Ms. Flores alright?”
“Thank you, Mr. James. I’m fine.” She smiled.
Lindsay looked at Stanford, “We should go back now.”
Stanford kept quiet. He was less indifferent while looking at Amanda. Instead, he felt even complex. Why did he have that kind of feeling towards her?
“Stanford…” Lindsay saw that he did not look well. When she reached out to touch him, he turned around and left without bothering her. He was in a panic at this moment. How could he behave like that towards a woman whom he had just met a few times? The driver opened the car door for him as he was approaching. He bent his body and got into the car.
Lindsay glanced at Amanda and warned her, “Stay away from Mr. James.”
Amanda smiled, “Is he yours?”
Lindsay clenched her fist abruptly, “Whether he is mine or not, you don’t have the right.”
“As far as I know, Stanford doesn’t love you, right?” Casimir was holding a box in his hand. He walked down the stairs slowly and continued teasing, “As far as I know, Stanford’s wife has been dead for almost a year. If he really loves you, why doesn’t he marry you?”
Lindsay bit her lip and glared at Casimir. Then, she turned around and headed to the car.
“Are you alright?” Casimir asked Amanda while looking at her.
She shook her head, “I’m alright.”
“Let’s go back too.” He reached out to help her. He only realized that her arms were so cool after touching her. So, he took off his suit and draped it over her.
“Thank you.” Amanda lowered her eyes.
“You’re welcome.” He thought for a moment and asked, “I saw what you did just now. Do you still love him?”
Amanda laughed, “What do you think?”
“I don’t know. I don’t understand things like love and relationship.”
“I love him unless I’m crazy.” She said firmly.
She would never love him anymore for the rest of her life.
“What if he kneels in front of you one day?” Casimir opened the car door.
Amanda came to a halt, “I won’t pity him even if he dies!”
“Remember your words.” Casimir gave her a thumbs up.
Amanda patted his hand, “Ridiculous.”
Casimir smiled and got into the car.
On the other hand, Stanford went back home. Lindsay said, “Let me accompany you.”
Stanford said indifferently, “No need.”
“Stanford…”
“It’s getting late. You should go back too.” He asked the driver to send her back home after saying that.
Lindsay followed Stanford as he wanted to go in with him. However, the driver held her, “Ms. Leroy, Mr. James let you go back. So, it’s better to go back home.”
She stood still in place reluctantly until she could no longer see Stanford.
This was Stanford’s home for the past year. He had not returned to the home that he had lived in with Amanda for three years since he got a divorce.
After entering the house, he simply threw his jacket onto the sofa and walked to the wine cabinet. He took a bottle of wine and opened the lid. Then, he poured it into a glass and started drinking. He once again recalled the feeling of holding Simona in his arms.
That strange feeling was etched in his mind and he could not stop thinking of it.
#####Chapter 886 What Happiness Feels Like
He pulled out the ring. The diamond still shone and it was the same as it had been, but the person who once owned it was no longer there.
He tilted his head and finished the wine in his glass, then put it down heavily. With a snap, the bottom of the glass clicked on the table.
That year, he had this ring custom-made to propose to her, and it was not the most expensive ring for her. She came from a wealthy family and had many precious pieces of jewellery.
But after wearing the ring, she never took it off again.
She said, "Stanford, I love it."
She had a happy face.
"I'm going to wear it for the rest of my life." She threw her arms around his neck and said, "Stanford, I love you. I believe in you and would give anything for you."
Stanford looked at her simple, beautiful smile and asked, "Why?"
Amanda snuggled into his arms, "To love each other is to trust each other and give to each other, isn't it?"
Because that was what her parents did.
At the time, he was dismissive and thought she was a flower in a greenhouse, who had no understanding of human suffering, let alone of the human heart. How could there be unreserved love in this world?
His father and mother had also loved each other, but what happened to them in the end?
Betrayal, abandonment, divorce ...
He did not believe in her love and did not believe that there was the kind of love in this world that she spoke of.
He didn't believe it!
"But why was I so sad when you left? My heart aches as I look at your relics?"
He squeezed the glass tightly in his hand while it was almost crushed!
Buzz ...
The phone in his pocket suddenly vibrated, but he didn't bother to look at it and just propped his face up with one hand. Tears seemed to well up in his eyes.
His phone rang and stopped, and then rang again after it had stopped. It seemed that if he didn't answer it, this person would keep calling him.
He pulled out his phone, saw the caller ID on it, and then simply hung up.
Soon his phone vibrated again.
He calmed himself down and picked it up, but his voice was very cold, "What’s wrong?"
"Your father is very sick. Why don't you come back and take a look at him?" The woman on the other end of the phone said cautiously, even as if she were praying to him.
He didn't answer, except that his face became more and more gloomy and cold.
"No matter what, he's your father. Just come back and take a look at him. In case ... you'll regret it."
Regret?
His lips curled up into a mocking smile before he hung up the phone. Speaking of regrets, he had something he wanted to ask his father, too.
He dialled the driver's number and told him to get the car ready. He was going out.
The driver answered.
He hung up the phone, stood up, and walked over to the sofa to pick up the jacket on top and put it on, then stepped out the door.
The driver was already waiting at the door. He walked over and the driver pulled open the back door and then he bent down and got in.
The driver closed the door and ran quickly to the front to get into the driver's seat. Soon the car drove out.
He sat in the back seat and pressed his brow to ease his head, which hurt a little from drinking.
After a while, the car stopped and the driver came over to open the door for him. He bent down and got out of the car, "Give me the keys. I'll go back on my own later. You can get off work."
The driver handed over the car key while he reached out to take it. He stood downstairs and looked up, then walked in with an expressionless face.
Walking to the door, he lifted his hand and knocked, while soon the door opened from the inside. It was his stepmother, Alyssa.
"Come on in." She hurriedly moved sideways to make room for him.
Stanford walked in with an expressionless face and said coldly, "I have to talk to him, and I don't want to be disturbed."
Alyssa said awkwardly, "Fine. No one will come in and interrupt your conversation."
Stanford walked towards the room.
He pushed the door open and saw his father lying on the bed, then walked in and closed the door, pulling a chair and sitting on the edge of the bed.
"There you are." As a father, upon meeting his son, Enoch did not have the authority of a father or show affectionate concern for him but instead exchanged pleasantries with him as if he were an acquaintance.
He had been bedridden since last year when he had a stroke that had left him paralyzed in the lower half of his body.
Stanford rarely visited him.
"Did you call me for something?" He looked cold and unemotional.
He knew what was happening to him even if he didn't come. He'd have no problem surviving another few years and Alyssa must have asked for something from him when she suddenly called him over.
As for what it was, it was naturally about their son, his half-brother.
His brother was the apple of their eye. Because he was so spoiled, he dropped out of university before he finished and became a punk.
He didn't have a proper job and didn't stay at home all day.
"Stanford ..." Enoch said, without the authority of a father, "you have just one brother. Can you bear to see him without a job?"
Stanford said indifferently, "My mother only gave birth to me."
Enoch didn’t look well but smiled for the sake of his youngest son's future, "Stanford, your mother and I divorced because we didn't love each other anymore ..."
"I know. You love your current wife." Before he could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Stanford.
He looked at Enoch with mixed emotions hidden under his eyes, "If it wasn't because of love, then why did you marry her in the first place?"
Without waiting for Enoch to give him an answer, he added, "At the time, your families were both poor. In today's parlance, you were a good match for each other, so you married her. If you hadn't gone out to work, you might have grown old together. But you got out and made a small fortune, so you and she were not right for each other. Because you are richer than she is, then you look down on her for being from the countryside, for not knowing how to dress, for not being educated. You always felt humiliated when you brought her around, so you stopped loving her."
"But have you ever thought about who helped you take care of your son and your parents when you were out making a career? When you were away, she alone carried all the burdens of the family and carried the responsibilities that a father should have carried. You said you didn't love her anymore and you just abandoned her."
Stanford's expression and voice grew colder, "You do not love her because she has no more fine, smooth skin, no more slender body, and no more of the young looks she had when she married you. Her face is no longer beautiful, her hands are rough and her skin starts to sag, so you don't love her anymore."
"Why are you holding on to something that's long in the past? Does dwelling on it make you happy?" Enoch frowned.
Stanford sneered, "Happy? Dad, tell me what happiness feels like?"
Enoch was silent.
"Why don't you say something?"
Stanford taunted, "You have nothing more to say, do you?"
"Just don't hold on to the past. It's not doing you any good." Enoch tried to enlighten Stanford and get him to let go of the past.
"If she hadn't died, I wouldn't hold a grudge against you. It's because of you that she's dead!" If he hadn't divorced her, she wouldn't have gone to work for someone as a nanny and she wouldn't have died!
Just give him a little time, he would take care of her when he grew up.
But she didn't get to see him grow up!
"After marrying you, she did everything a wife should do. What did she do wrong? If you didn't love her, why did you marry her in the first place and let her live alone for most of her life?"
#####Chapter 887 Meeting Again
It was his mother who kept the house and guarded him alone during the days he went out to make his way.
What did she get in the end?
Enoch had nothing to say to his son's questioning. He had also grieved the death of his ex-wife. After all, they had shared a bed and she had given him a son.
"Stanford, for what happened before, it's all because I am sorry for your mother and you. For the sake of me being your father, give your brother a job so he doesn't have to drift around out there." Enoch said humbly.
Stanford let out a laugh, "Is that why you called me here when you said you were sick?"
"Stanford, at least half of the company is your brother's. Are you going to keep it all to yourself?" Enoch stopped saying humbly. Obviously, even if he had humbled himself, he was still indifferent!
Stanford stood up, "Father, you'd better get well to live a long life."
With that, he didn't bother to look at Enoch but stepped towards the door.
"Stanford, don't you go too far!"
Enoch's face reddened with anger, "I'm your father!"
"So?" Stanford stopped in his tracks and turned his head to look at him, "So I have to take care of your son?"
Enoch clenched his hands and kept shaking, "You've got the company. All I'm asking is that you let your brother have a proper job. Why do you have to be so cruel to him?"
Stanford walked back over to the bedside and looked at him condescendingly, "Your company was already facing bankruptcy at the time. It was my mother's compensation that filled the gap so the company didn't go bust. I was cruel to him? I remember when Alyssa lost $150 and you all said I took it. How did you treat me? I want to ask you, did I take the money?"
He had not long been in the house at the time and Alyssa said she had lost the money, "There were no outsiders in the house either, and nothing was ever lost. The living expenses I had in the drawer were missing $150 for no reason. I don't know what's going on."
She didn't say it explicitly, but what she meant by that was that he was an outsider. She hadn't lost money before, but when he came to the house, she lost it. What she meant was that he had taken the money.
Enoch also decided that he had taken it and told him to admit he was wrong and to give it to her.
He said he hadn't taken it.
But Enoch didn't believe him and demanded that he admit his mistake and hand over the money he had taken.
He was stubborn, and he didn't take the money, so how could he admit it?
Enoch pulled out his belt and beat him up.
Alyssa stood by and watched, and to this day, he still remembered the gloating look in her eyes.
Enoch beat him up and then locked him up for three days without giving him food or water.
He was only released when George admitted that he had taken the money. What did he say to his precious son at that time?
"George, if you need money, just let me know. Why did you take it without saying so?"
Alyssa said from the sidelines, "George is still young and thoughtless. Just wait until he grows up.”
As a father, he laughed at his youngest son's mistakes.
And he was unwilling to give him even a smile. After beating him severely and learning that he had been wrongly accused, he did not even comfort him, but said coldly, "I don't know who you are like to be so stubborn!"
He was not being stubborn but was defending his dignity. He would rather be beaten than admit to something he hadn't done.
There were more things like this when he was growing up than he could count.
"I told you that I won't spare the people who hurt me and my mother." He leaned down and smiled, "You should thank me for not killing you all and keeping you alive. Don't ask anything more of me."
When he finished, he straightened up and took a look at the house, "You should be content to live in a house like this and have good doctors to treat you."
With that, he turned and walked towards the door. The door to the room was pulled open and Alyssa was standing in the doorway eavesdropping. She hadn't expected Stanford to suddenly open the door and forced a calm smile, "I came over to ask if you guys wanted some water."
Stanford ignored her and walked out past her. He knew in his heart what this woman was like!
After leaving the James family, he sped down the road in his car. There were few cars on the road at this time of day, and the colourful neon signs reflected the city's bustle.
No matter how brilliant the lights were, he didn't look at them for a second.
He was alone and helpless at the moment.
He had so much, but he did not feel happy.
His heart was empty.
The car travelled through the city at breakneck speed. At this moment, he didn't even have someone to talk to about what was on his mind. Even if he had it all, he was still alone.
Finally, the car stopped in front of a bar.
He got out of the car and walked straight in. At this time of the day, the bar was lively. There wright lights, loud songs, and great dancers. Men and women were embracing each other on the dance floor and wriggling their bodies to their hearts' content.
He sat down at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine.
Then he drank alone.
The bottle of foreign wine was soon half drunk.
He filled the glass again, tilted his head, and drank it all.
Placing the glass on the bar, he continued to pour. At that moment, a soft hand with red-stained nails covered the back of his hand and slowly took hold of it, "Sir, why don't you let me keep you company if you're drinking alone?"
With that, the woman sat beside him.
After half a bottle of wine, Stanford was not drunk, but his mind was not as clear as usual.
He narrowed his eyes and slowly lifted his head, and fixed his gaze on the woman. The woman was wearing a tight black dress that showed off her good figure. Her two thin white legs were bare and she was wearing red high heels. At the moment, she was pressing her legs up against his.
The woman suppressed the surge inside her. It was so rare to see such a superb man! Thinking she must take her chance, she smiled and said, "It just so happens that I'm alone too."
Stanford squinted at her and said coldly, "Get lost!"
The woman was quite confident in her charm. She was a regular here, and hardly anyone ever refused to be hit on by her. For a moment, she thought she was hallucinating.
Still smiling, she picked up the bottle and poured herself a glass, "Why don't we have a toast?"
Stanford's eyes turned cold and he was already getting angry, "Can't you understand what I said?"
The woman paused for a moment, then said with a smile, "I, I hear you. But I see that you are alone at the moment and should need some company. I think I'm quite suitable."
With that, the woman became more and more indulgent in flirting with him, and even took his hands and put them on her breasts.
No sooner did she enjoy the pleasure of being touched than she felt a pain in her abdomen, and she flew out.
With a crash, the woman knocked over the table and chairs and fell to the floor.
The woman covered her abdomen in disbelief, while her face, which was covered in delicate make-up, was filled with horror. The men and women who had been wriggling on the lively dance floor also stopped and looked towards them because of this scene.
The woman rose from the ground. She looked extremely embarrassed because she was being watched, "Are you still a man? How dare you hit a woman!"
Stanford didn't even give her a look, but took out his wallet and took a few notes from it, and dropped them on the counter before walking away.
The woman rushed over and tried to stop him, "Do you want to just leave after you hit me?"
His eyes turned cold, "Get out of the way!"
The woman had thought that since he had hit her, she could blackmail him. But looking at how imposing the man was, she didn't dare. Despite her reluctance, she moved aside.
Stanford stepped out.
He went to his car and pulled the door open, and as he was about to drive back, he saw Simona coming out of the cinema.
He glanced up at his wristwatch and found it was the middle of the night.
"Miss Flores," He said as he closed the car door and walked over towards her.
Amanda turned her head to look over, and when she saw him, she frowned slightly. Today she had insomnia, so she came to see a second-night movie, but she didn't expect to meet him. Was this how often the enemy would cross paths?
But she still smiled and greeted him, "Mr. James."
#####Chapter 888 Learning The Truth
Stanford walked over and looked at the posters advertising several movies that were posted on the door of the cinema.
"You came to the movies alone?" He asked.
Amanda smiled, "There's no one here who can watch a movie with me either, is there?"
"Which one did you see?" Suddenly, he was curious to know which movie she would be watching alone.
Three movies had been released this month, some sci-fi and some about romance.
Amanda turned her head to look at him and said, "Flipped."
"Miss Flores, do you have a boyfriend?" He asked again.
"What, Mr. James? You're interested in my personal affairs?" She smiled.
Stanford didn't know how he would ask so many questions.
It was as if none of the words had gone through his head.
"Sorry." He became serious, "It's late, Miss Flores. Just go home early and get some rest."
With that, he walked towards the car.
Amanda stood still. Watching his back, she suddenly said, "Mr. James, do you ever love anyone?"
Stanford suddenly stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around.
"It has nothing to do with work. You can not answer. It's just that today's movie is good. If you have time, you can watch it for entertainment as well." With that, she turned and walked in the opposite direction to him.
At that moment, she just wanted to know if he had ever liked her during the time he had been with her.
So what if he had liked her or not? What would that change?
She laughed at herself and tilted her head, then straightened her back.
Stanford stood still, and his gaze shifted to the movie poster of Flipped.
Probably because it was about a childhood love story, the poster had a boy and girl as the thematic images.
He stared at Simona's back but somehow overlapped her figure with that of another woman.
She was clearly not her, so why did he always associate her with her?
He didn't like the feeling. She was her, and he didn't like the idea of her being replaced by someone else!
He didn't start the car first thing when he got in but turned his head to look at the poster.
She was also young when he first met her.
She gave him a warm feeling when she smiled.
His eyes deepened with affection that even he had not noticed.
He didn’t know when her smile had taken root in his heart. No matter how much he tried to deliberately ignore it, he could never forget it.
Every time he thought of it, his heart ached.
It took him a long time to calm down and start the car to leave.
On the next day…
Amanda was still asleep when she was awakened by a sharp ringing of her mobile phone. She grabbed the phone and picked it up while Casimir's voice came on the other end of the line, "Hurry up and watch the news."
"What news?" She sobered up a bit.
"The gossip about your ex-husband." The person on the other end of the phone teased her.
She sat up and rubbed her eyes.
"What gossip?"
Then Casimir hung up the phone and sent the day's news to her phone. She clicked on the link and found the huge headline that read 'J&Y Group's president 'puts on a limited show' with a beautiful woman in a nightclub', and there was a photo of Stanford kicking a woman below.
Casimir sent a message over and teased her: Why does your ex-husband even beat up women? He is so grumpy, so has he ever beaten you?
Amanda ignored him and continued to read the news. Usually, news like this would exaggerate the facts to get the attention of the public.
The general idea was that Stanford had slept with a beautiful woman, but they had a big fight because the price was not agreed upon.
Amanda was expressionless but just felt funny.
Would Stanford be short of money now? Would he beat up someone in public for money?
Seeing that she didn't reply to the message, Casimir sent another one over: You're not upset, are you?.
Amanda replied: Why would I be upset?
Casimir texted: You're not sad that your ex-husband has gone to a nightclub to find a woman?
Amanda immediately replied: Didn't you also say he was my ex-husband?
If he was her ex-husband, then he had nothing to do with her.
Casimir then texted: Okay. Have a good day.
Amanda put her phone down and got up. She had things to do today.
She went out after washing and dressing. It was Lindsay who had victimized her back then. If she wanted to have her punished the way she deserved, she would have to find proof that she had done it to her.
But she had no clues and didn’t dare to contact those people. She was afraid that her parents would find out.
She wanted to avenge herself, and now she had to do it the dumbest way possible.
The security system at her and Stanford's place used to be exceptionally well-made, with everyone entering and leaving recorded. Even though so much time had passed, she wanted to see it. What if there was a clue?
So after breakfast, she went to the place where she used to live with Stanford.
It was only a year old and the place was depressed beyond recognition. The yard was littered with leaves, the lawn was long from lack of mowing, and the leaves were as thin and spiky as the spines of a hedgehog.
She tried to unlock it with the original password. Moreover, it seemed that Stanford had also moved out of the place after their divorce and had not deliberately changed the password. So the door opened at once, and she pushed it open and walked in.
Standing within the courtyard, she had the feeling as if a generation had passed. Once she thought she would be happy here with him until she grew old.
Yet the reality was that harsh.
Calming herself down, she walked to the door of the villa and opened it. The password had not been changed either, and it was still the same.
When she pushed open the heavy door, the house was cold, and all the furniture was covered in a thick layer of dust.
The home she had longed for when she married him was now in this state.
Tears suddenly welled up in her eyes and she couldn't help but cry.
She cried at her stupidity!
She sniffled and walked towards the study. The main control of all the surveillance and security systems in the villa was in the study.
She had lived here for three years and knew all the arrangements well.
Pushing open the door to the study, she walked in, went to the computer on the desk, and turned it on.
Stanford did not live here, but none of the water or electricity was cut off. Everything was as it was before, except for the dust that had settled on it.
Soon, the computer monitor lit up.
She clicked on the surveillance system and filled in the search field for the time she wanted to see.
However, the only surveillance for that day that had been deleted was the time she was taken away.
She thought about it and felt it was right. Since Lindsay had done something bad, how could she not erase all traces of it?
As long as she had done something bad, there was bound to be a clue. Since this clue didn't work, there was still the person Lindsay had paid off to kidnap her at the time.
She could always find a clue.
She shut down the computer, and just as she was about to leave, she accidentally touched a book that was sitting on the desk.
With a snap, the book fell to the floor and stirred up a cloud of dust.
She bent down to pick it up and a photograph fell out of the book. She was very surprised when she saw the photo. Then she picked it up while it was of a woman holding a boy.
To her surprise, the woman was Lucy, and in her arms was Stanford as a child.
She fell back into the chair.
It was as if she understood where Stanford's hatred for her had come from.
Did he think it was her family that got his mother killed?!
Was that what he thought?
So he had planned to marry her from the beginning?
Was everything a plan for his revenge?
And was she a pawn in that plan?
Was her so-called love just a bait he had created on purpose to get her to fall for it?
Haha ...
"Stanford, Stanford, so you've been lying to me all this time. How stupid was I to trust you so much that I wanted to give you a baby?"
She tilted her head and tried to force back the tears, but she couldn't control them, "You've lived with me for three years, but don't you know anything about me? Do you know that I almost died in that car accident too and that Boyce also had a narrow escape? How can you think that it was us that got your mother killed?!"
She covered her heart and couldn't calm down after knowing the truth. Her heart ached that he knew nothing about her and that he had imagined her that way.
"Yet I was delusional enough to want to spend my life with a man who had never trusted me, or loved me?"
She sat in the dusty room for a long time until the tears dried on her face. Then she put the picture back in the book, set it back in its place, got up, took one last look at the house, and smiled gently. It was over. It was all over.
From now on, they were enemies!
She straightened herself and stepped out.
As she closed the door, her phone rang. It was Casimir calling.
She picked up the phone, "What's up?"
"I want you to have lunch with me."
"Are you so idle?" Amanda said as she walked.
"Hey, I was afraid you wouldn't fit in when you just came back to the country and wanted to keep you company, but you misunderstood me. Okay, fine, just forget I ever made the call ..."
"It's my fault." Amanda immediately apologized, "Just come and pick me up now."
She gave the address.
This place was a little remote. The villa was built against the mountain and facing the sea, which was clean with good surroundings and good views. And the only bad thing was that it was a bit far from the city.
Casimir said to wait and that he would be there soon, then hung up the phone.
She walked along the road.
There were few people on this road and it was very quiet.
As she passed the fork in the road, she saw Lindsay's car, which was the same red Porsche from a year ago. What was she doing here?
#####Chapter 889 Obtaining Information
She walked over and put her phone on silent in case Casimir called suddenly.
It was too obvious to walk on the road, so she approached the red car from the grass at the bottom of the hill.
It was then that she noticed a black SUV parked in front of the red car.
"What the hell is this place?" The man in the oversized black sunglasses said impatiently.
Lindsay said, "I need people. Lend me a couple of guys. Don't worry. Money's not a problem."
The man grunted, "I wouldn't dare lend you any more men. I lent you two men a year ago, but they've disappeared and can't be found. How dare I lend you any more men?"
"What does it matter to me if your men have disappeared? Besides, it's not like I'm not paying you. What? You don't even want to do it when there's business?" Lindsay wrapped her arms around her chest, "I'll pay more this time."
The man took off his sunglasses and looked at Lindsay, "What are you doing this time?"
"That's my business. You don't have to care. Just lend me some men." She said very confidently, "Are you still not sure about me?"
The man did not immediately agree but was still deliberating.
He was still a little uneasy about what had happened a year ago. And even now, he still didn't know if the two men he had lent her were dead or alive, and he couldn't find a trace of them no matter how hard he tried.
"One million this time." Lindsay raised the stakes.
It was only half a million a year ago.
Amanda hid in the bushes while the mobile phone in her pocket suddenly lit up. Casimir came to the address she said and couldn't find her.
Amanda saw the lit-up screen and covered her heart. It was scary. Luckily, she had put it on silent early, otherwise ...
She took a deep breath, hung up the phone, and continued to watch them.
The man seemed a little hesitant. Lindsay's offer was tempting, but he was afraid something would happen. After thinking about it for a moment, he said, "Yes. But you'll have to return my man alive and intact."
Lindsay agreed, "Okay."
"I'll send two men for your errand tomorrow." With that, he pulled open the car door and got in.
Lindsay glanced back and forth. After making sure no one was there, she also got into the car. Soon Amanda heard the sound of the car starting.
When they left, she stepped out of the grass.
She had heard all their conversation.
So it was through this man that Lindsay sent the men who posed as they had been sent by Stanford a year ago.
This time, who had she found men to try to harm again?
A chill went down her spine at the thought. How had she not found before that Lindsay was so ruthless?
At that moment, her phone screen lit up again. She hurriedly picked it up while Casimir's anxious voice came on the other end of the line, "Where are you?"
"I'll be right there." She hurriedly walked towards the junction.
Casimir stood by the car and walked back and forth anxiously, "Where have you been?"
"I ... got caught up in something."
Amanda said very apologetically.
"You scared the hell out of me." Casimir looked at her, "Are you okay?"
She shook her head, "Yeah."
"I thought you'd had another accident. It's good to see you're okay. Come on, get in." Casimir pulled the door open for her.
Amanda walked up to him and said sincerely, "Casimir, thank you."
"Don't be melodramatic. Get in. This place is really remote." Casimir said grumpily.
Amanda knew he wasn't really angry, so she bent over to get into the car.
Casimir started the car and asked, "What are you doing out here in the middle of nowhere by yourself?"
"I've come to get some business done." She said gently.
"And did you get it done?" Casimir asked.
Amanda nodded, "Yes, I learned a lot."
She hadn't found what she wanted, but she had found quite a lot by accident.
Casimir looked at her in the rearview mirror, "Are you really okay?"
Amanda was surprised, "I'm fine."
"That's good," Casimir said with a smile.
Amanda was speechless.
"Hey, Casimir, what do you mean?"
"I'm afraid you'll be sad. Your ex-husband has been going to nightclubs to get a prostitute ..."
"What's it to me if he's looking for a prostitute?" Amanda was speechless. Why was he still dwelling on this?
Casimir looked at her in the rearview mirror, "You really don't care?"
Amanda hadn't bothered to pay attention to him.
Casimir smiled, "Well, I shouldn't have asked. By the way, I want to tell you something. There are a lot of journalists outside the J&Y Group today, who want to interview Stanford."
"I don't really want to know about him. Are you going to let me eat or not? You keep talking about something that's going to spoil my appetite." Amanda really couldn't understand why he kept dwelling on it.
"Okay, fine. I won't talk about it." Casimir felt pretty bored too. But he just felt like she must have really liked Stanford when she married him, and he wasn't quite sure how she felt about it now.
Amanda turned her head to look out the window while the scenery quickly crossed by. She suddenly thought of something and pulled out her phone, then sent Casimir the photo she had taken of the man.
"Check this man out for me."
Hearing the sound of a message on his phone, Casimir tapped it and glanced at it, then put it down again and asked, "What are you checking him out for?"
"He's related to the men who killed me back then."
"I see." Casimir concentrated on driving the car.
Soon the car went into the city. They had agreed to have lunch together, but Casimir received a call from his secretary, saying that there was an emergency that he needed to get back to deal with.
"You can just drop me off here." Amanda heard the call he had just taken.
"Hey, I was going to have lunch with you."
"There's plenty of opportunity for that later," Amanda said.
Casimir thought about it and felt so, Then I'll drop you off."
"Well, work is important."
Casimir pulled the car over while Amanda pushed the door open and got out, "Just drive slowly."
He answered and drove off.
Amanda was familiar with this area. There should be a bus stop up ahead and the bus would pass the hotel she was staying at.
She walked along the road.
Suddenly, a black car pulled up beside her and the window came down, "Miss Flores?"
Amanda turned her head and saw that handsome face. And right now, he was looking at her with his dark, deep eyes.
Knowing that it was all a ploy for him to marry her and say he loved her, she only felt her heart aching more when she saw him again.
Was he thinking in his mind that this woman was such a fool when she pouted at him and said she loved him?
#####Chapter 890 It's the Hearts That Change
"Miss Flores, what are you doing here?" Stanford thought he was looking at the wrong person.
Amanda clenched her hands, which were hanging at her sides, into fists. She was trying desperately to suppress the emotions tumbling inside her to remain calm.
"I ..." Her voice was a little hoarse, "I got lost."
"I'll give you a ride. Get in the car." He looked at her and said.
Amanda released her clenched fist and smiled, "Then thank you."
Stanford was quiet and didn't say a word.
She pulled open the back door and sat in.
"I don't know if you've got things handled?" She meant something else, "I don't want anything to go wrong while we're working together."
Stanford remained silent as he started the car and drove away.
What happened last night was an accident, but it was deliberately posted online and became a scandal. He had dealt with it.
The incident had upset him, too.
"Miss Flores, you haven't had lunch yet, have you? My treat today." Stanford suddenly spoke up.
Amanda thought for a moment, "How can I refuse since you have been so gracious in inviting me?"
Stanford glanced at her in the rearview mirror. Every time he saw her, she would do something unexpected.
This time was no different.
There seemed to be a certain magic about her that attracted him and always made him want to be near her.
And he didn't like that feeling in his heart.
He didn't like it when a woman made him do things that were out of his control.
The car pulled up and stopped in front of a restaurant.
Amanda got a good look at the restaurant while her heart was in turmoil once again. This was a restaurant she used to love to come to, and she loved to pester Stanford to come with her. It had all the dishes she liked to eat.
Why had he brought her to this restaurant?
What did he know?
Amanda was in a bit of a panic.
Stanford got out of the car. Not seeing her get out, he opened the back door for her, "Miss Flores."
Amanda sat still, "I'm not very hungry. Mr. James, why don't you take me back to the hotel?"
"We're already here, Miss Flores, you'd better get down." Stanford didn't mean to take her back but made it very clear that she should get out of the car.
Amanda bit her lower lip and bent over to get out of the car while Stanford walked ahead. He was a regular customer, so as soon as he came in, the manager came to greet him, "Mr. James."
Stanford nodded.
"There's room over here and it's quiet." The manager guided Stanford to a window seat in the VIP section.
Amanda followed him in with downcast eyes.
"This lady, please." The manager pulled the chair for her.
She thanked him, then sat down.
"Same as usual," Stanford said as he sat down.
The manager froze for a moment. He used to come with his wife and order those same dishes every time because his wife loved them. Now, this was a strange woman and he was still ordering the same dishes?
Stanford looked up and glanced at the manager, "Mr. Chase?"
"Oh, I'm just going to have the chef prepare it. You wait a moment." The manager hurriedly said with a smile.
Darren went to arrange for the chef to prepare while Amanda took a sip of the plain water on the table and asked, "Mr. James, do you like the restaurant?"
"Yes." He said without thinking. However, it was only after he had finished that he realized that this was not the restaurant he liked, but the one she liked.
He'd been here so much that he'd gotten used to it. He didn't know if he liked it or if he was used to it, but he liked coming anyway.
Amanda lowered her eyes slightly while her curled lashes fluttered.
"Actually, it's my ex-wife who likes it." Stanford leaned back and looked at her. The sun was slanting in through the window and enveloping her body in a hazy haze. He was in a trance like he was seeing her.
He squeezed his fingers, "You look like her."
Amanda suddenly looked up at him and couldn't help but frown. What had he found?
She thought she had misheard, "I look like your ex-wife?"
She couldn't help but reach up and touch her face. She was afraid that even her parents wouldn't recognize her, yet he sensed it?
Thinking about it, she couldn't find when she had exposed herself.
Her face was growing pale.
"It's not that you look alike, but you make people feel alike." Stanford looked at her and said, "It's not really the same."
Amanda couldn't decide in her mind what he meant. Was he testing her, or was he simply guessing based on his feelings?
"What do you mean by that?" She asked.
"Miss Flores, you're pretty but not as warm as she is. She loves to smile, and when she smiles at me, her arched eyebrows always make me feel warm." His eyes softened at the mention of her. And that softness disappeared again when his gaze fell on Simona, "You're more sombre and completely different from her. You do smile, but it's too fake and insincere."
Amanda clutched at the corner of her shirt under the table. Too fake? Insincere?
Once when she'd smiled at him without reservation, all he could think about was how to set her up, right?
"I may have once been like your ex-wife, unreserved and true to the person I liked. But my ex-boyfriend cheated on me and left me bruised and battered, so I wouldn't dare smile like that again. I'm afraid of meeting the next scum. Although one's eyes have 5.76 pixels, they can't see through the human heart." She looked down and let out a bitter laugh.
"Do you hate your ex-boyfriend?"
It suddenly occurred to Stanford that if she were still alive, what would she be like?
Would she have hated him?
Hate?
Amanda just didn't think that word couldn't explain how she felt.
"I wish I could have killed him myself if I could." As she spoke, she stared into his eyes.
Stanford met her eyes and froze for a moment, "You ..."
At that moment, the manager came along with a waiter, and then he stopped talking.
The manager and the waiter placed the dishes on the table, "Mr. James, the dishes are ready."
Stanford replied indifferently.
"Well, enjoy your meal." With that, the manager and the waiter left.
The table was full of delicious food, but he had no appetite for it, but continued what he had just said, "Can you bear to kill someone you once loved?"
"Yes. Why should I be softhearted to a man who has deceived me? Love? My love vanished the moment he hurt me, and all that remains is hatred." Amanda leaned forward and closed the distance between her and him, "If I could, I'd like to rip out his heart and see how he could hurt and deceive me like that."
Stanford's Adam's apple rolled up and down. As Simona said this, he thought of himself.
In keeping with her personality, she would have done the same, wouldn't she?
At this moment, he thought if she was still in this world, even if she hated him, just like Simona did, it would be good.
But now she had left his world for good.
"I heard you talk about your ex-wife. So why did you get divorced?" Amanda asked, raising an eyebrow.
Stanford kept his thoughts to himself and remained calm, "It occurred to me that I had something else to do. Miss Flores, enjoy your meal.”
With that, he stood up and walked away.
Amanda sat still but straightened her back.
Was he guilty?
Was he afraid to even answer?
Stanford!
She slowly closed her eyes and opened them a moment later, while all the emotions were hidden deep within her. Then she calmly picked up the chopsticks, picked up the dish that was her favourite and put it in her mouth, and chewed it slowly.
She didn't know if it was her state of mind that had changed, or if it was the chef who had made the dish that had changed, but she felt that the dish no longer had the same taste.
Everything had changed, and she was no longer her.
She continued to take the dish into her mouth, "Stanford, you killed my child, and I will make sure you pay for it."
She put the chopsticks down and looked up at the sky outside, while the sun was shining as brightly as it had been.
She picked up the napkin, wiped her mouth, and then got up to leave.
The place was easy enough to get a taxi, but she didn't want to go back to the hotel now, instead, she walked along the road. A year had not been long enough and nothing much had changed.
The only thing that had changed was the human heart.
#####Chapter 891 To Ask for an Explanation
It was bright and sunny. Amanda walked along the street for so long, and she felt her feet a bit hurting before she went back to the hotel by cab.
The cab stopped in front of the entrance of the hotel. Amanda paid the fares and got out of the cab.
She walked into the lobby and met Lindsay, who was walking over to her. Lindsay smiled, “Ms. Flores.”
Amanda was surprised that Lindsay would be in the hotel.
“Are you coming to me for something of the work?” she asked.
Lindsay smiled, “No, I just want to invite you to watch a big show, Ms. Flores.”
Amanda's heart skipped one beat. Lindsay was not easy to deal with, and she was good at disguising herself. She had been disguised herself as a pure-minded person in front of Amanda back then.
However, Lindsay wanted her life in the end!
Amanda had to keep an eye on Lindsay!
“I'm not familiar with you,” Amanda refused.
Who knew if it was her conspiracy?
“Strangers the first time, acquaintances the next. Besides you also have cooperation with our company and we may consider being 'a family'. You’re new to City B. There must be a lot of inconveniences you've experienced, and there's no place for you to spend time. So I invite you to relax,” Lindsay took two steps closer to Amanda in her high heels, and she was only half a meter apart from Amanda, “You seem to be wary of me, Ms. Flores.”
“We're not foes. Why would I be wary of you?” Amanda smiled faintly, “Are you going to do something to me since you invited me passionately?”
“I think you may have misunderstood, Ms. Flores,” Lindsay explained, “I'm sincerely inviting you, but you keep rejecting me and seems to be mistrusting me.”
Amanda gave a laugh, “I don't even trust myself.”
How would Amanda trust others?
How would she trust the person who harmed her back then?
It suddenly occurred to Amanda. Could it be that Lindsay wanted to buy her off this time or to harm her this time?
Amanda thought, ‘But Lindsay has no reason to do this either.’
Amanda was negotiating a tie-up with J&Y Group on behalf of RM Group.
“I still have things to deal with,” after saying that, Amanda took a step towards the elevator.
“Ms. Flores.”
Lindsay turned around and looked at her, “I want to tell you, don't try to think about something you shouldn't think about.”
“What do you mean by that?” Amanda could not understand her words.
“You don't assume that I didn't know you purposely got close to Stanford at the charity party that night,” Lindsay looked frosty, “Anyone who covets him will come to no good end.”
It dawned on Amanda that Lindsay referred to what happened at the entrance of the party that day. Lindsay had seen that Amanda purposely pretended to twist her foot and stumbled into Stanford's arms.
“I didn't think about it before your reminder. I think Mr. James does look good, and he's a man of condition. I kinda like him,” she smiled, “Mr. James is not married to you, so I have a reason to fight for my happiness, isn’t it?”
Lindsay's face turned white with rage, “You're getting far too cheeky!”
“Mr. James and I are single. How come I can't pursue him? Why would I be too cheeky?” she deliberately took her phone, “How about we call Mr. James and ask him if I can pursue him?”
“You...” Lindsay pointed at Amanda, and she was exasperated instead of being arrogant. Amanda’s attitude was going too far from her expectations.
“I wonder if Mr. James knows what you've done,” Amanda pretended to make a phone call, and Lindsay rushed over to her and knocked the phone out of her hand. The phone fell to the ground, and the screen of the phone cracked.
Amanda stood still, lowered her head, and looked at the phone on the ground with a cracked screen. She raised her eyebrows slightly, “I just bought the phone not long ago.”
“How much is it?” Lindsay took her wallet out from her bag, “I'll compensate you for it.”
“I don't need your compensation. Just pick it up and hand it over to me,” Amanda pulled a long face.
“Humph,” Lindsay refused, “I won't pick it up for you!”
Lindsay turned around and left the hotel after saying that.
Amanda bent down and picked the phone up. She looked at the cracked screen without showing any expressions on her face. She did not go upstairs, walked to the reception desk and asked the hotel receptionist, “Is there any surveillance camera in the hotel lobby?”
The receptionist said, “Yes, there are surveillance cameras in the lobby.”
She took out the cash from her purse and put it on the marble-top reception desk, “I just had a conversation with that woman. Take a screen recording of the surveillance video and send it to my phone.”
“This...”
“I'm a guest staying in this hotel, and the woman broke my phone in the hotel. I want to have the video as my proof, can't I?” Amanda suddenly became solemn.
There was a rule in the hotel that the employees could not leak the company matters to anyone. The receptionist picked up the phone, “I'll ask the manager.”
Amanda was waiting for her.
Soon the manager went over to them, “What's going on?”
The receptionist had seen the scene that just happened and said, “There was a lady who had a conflict with our guest and broke the phone of our guest, so she wanted to have our surveillance video as proof.”
The manager thought for a moment and said, “I'm sorry, miss. Our hotel has rules that we can't leak the hotel matters to anyone, but since the lady involved broke your phone, I think we should provide you with the video as your evidence. Please wait a moment, and I'll have someone take a screen recording of the surveillance video and send it to you.”
Amanda politely said, “Thank you.”
The manager gave a smile, “We should protect the interests of our guests.”
The manager picked up the landline phone on the reception desk and made a call. When he waited for the call to be connected, he looked at Amanda, “Miss, please leave your phone number to us.”
The receptionist took a paper and a pen.
Amanda took the paper and the pen from the receptionist and wrote her phone number down.
She handed it over to the manager after she finished writing. The manager took a look at it, and the call got through at the same time. He raised his head to look at Amanda, “When did it happen?”
“It has just happened,” Amanda replied.
The manager raised his hand to tell the time and said, “Take a surveillance screen recording of a clip of two ladies clashing in the lobby between twelve and one o'clock and then send it to the phone number of 135********.”
The manager hung up the call after the person on another end of the phone answered him. He asked, “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
Amanda shook her head and said, “Nothing more. Thank you.”
She received a message on her phone shortly after, and she clicked the link to watch the video on the browser.
She took her phone and got out of the hotel. She went to the J&Y Group by cab.
Soon she arrived at the J&Y Group building. She paid the fares, got out of the cab, and walked into the building.
J&Y Group and RM Group were in a partnership, and she was the representative of RM Group and was doing business with J&Y Group. The receptionist held a polite smile when she saw Amanda walked towards the reception desk.
"I'm coming for Mr. James," Amanda said faintly.
The receptionist smiled and said alright. She made a room-to-room call connected to the CEO's office, and soon Stanford picked up the call.
“What's the matter?”
“Ms. Flores requests to meet you.”
It escaped him for a moment, or Stanford did not expect she would come to him at this time since they had met at noon, so he asked, “Which Ms. Flores are you referring to?”
“The representative of RM Group, Simona Flores.”
Stanford gently lowered his eyes, “Let her come to my office.”
The receptionist put down the phone, “Ms. Flores, please go in. Mr. James is in his office."
Amanda nodded to her and stepped towards the elevator, soon she got into the elevator and then arrived at the floor where Stanford's office was.
The elevator stopped, and the door opened. Amanda got out of the elevator and walked towards Stanford's office. She raised her hand and knocked on the door when she reached the office door.
She opened the door and walked into the office after hearing “come in” from the office.
Stanford raised his head and closed the document file he was reading after he heard something. He leaned back in his office chair, “Ms. Flores, you came to me, is the planning scheme completed?”
“I said I'll complete it within a month, and it's still not the deadline yet,” she drew up a chair in the front of the table and sat down, “Mr. James, I came to you today to ask for an explanation from you.”
“Alright, tell me,” Stanford raised the corners of his lips with interest, but he looked frosty and indifferent and seemed to be unsympathetic.
##### Chapter 892 Pursue Me and Somewhat Like Me
“I would like to show something to Mr. James,” she played the screen recording of the surveillance video on her phone and showed him.
Stanford lowered his eyes and looked at the screen played on the phone, and he frowned slightly. He delighted within himself when he heard Simona said that she wanted to pursue him.
“Are all the people from J&Y Group so domineering? She came to me and warned me for no reason. I want to ask for an explanation from you, Mr. James. Otherwise, we should hold off the tie-up between RM Group and J&Y Group.”
Stanford placed his arm casually on the desk, “Our tie-up should not be affected because of this matter, isn't it?”
“I don't think so, Mr. James. I represent RM Group, and we are supposed to be business partners, but the people from the J&Y Group had just bullied me. Shouldn't you give me an explanation?” she leaned forward and shortened the distance between the two people, “The lady in the video seems to like you, Mr. James. So is she going to warn every woman who has contact with you? Or you like the feeling of being adored so much, so you pretend not to know this kind of matter, Mr. James? If it's so, then I have nothing to say, and I'll consider myself unlucky to get tricked.”
After saying that, she got up from the chair and picked up the phone on the desk, “I've been through the character of employees of the J&Y Group. It seems that I can't contact Mr. James anymore in the future. Otherwise, she will come to warn me again. I'll contact the head office to discuss the tie-up with J&Y Groups today.”
She turned around and was about to leave after saying that.
“Wait a moment.”
Stanford stopped her, “Ms. Flores, please stay.”
He got up and walked over to her, “I didn't say I wouldn't get you an even. Why are you getting angry?”
Amanda turned her head around.
“How is Mr. James going to settle this?” Amanda raised her head and had an aggressive manner.
‘This kind of character...’
Stanford held no expression and did not stop his steps. He went closer to Amanda, and she instinctively took a step back. However, Stanford did not stop walking and was getting closer and closer to Amanda. She had no choice but to take two more steps back.
Stanford grabbed her by her wrist and dragged her toward him. Amanda hastily took a step forward and pressed the other hand against his chest. She suppressed the panic within herself and rebuked icily, “What are you doing?”
“Ms. Flores, I'll give you an explanation of your grievance, but before that, I want you to give me an explanation,” he said, and he moved his gaze to look at her soft, slender fingers. Amanda could feel his heartbeat, and his chest was still as stiff and strong as back then. She clenched her fingers, withdrew her hand, and avoided his gaze, “What explanation do you want, Mr. James?”
Stanford said in a low, deep voice, “You said in the video that you wanted to pursue me. Are you serious with that, Ms. Flores?”
Amanda was speechless.
She just wanted to anger Lindsay at that time.
She would pursue him? Huh, in his dreams!
She raised her eyes and played dumb, “Did I say that?”
“Are you having a bad memory, Ms. Flores?” Stanford leaned over to her and shortened the distance between Amanda and himself, “Do you need my help to recall it?”
Amanda could feel the familiar scent of warm air on her face when he spoke, and it caused her to be a little nervous. However, she was just a little nervous. Her heart would no longer have uncontrolled beating because of him. Her heart also would no longer race because of his kiss.
She remembered the day of her first kiss, and it was a rainy day. Stanford sent her home and kissed her at the entrance.
She was then excited and did not sleep all night.
She had feelings for Stanford first. He thought that her love was part of his plan but did not know she had given him all her heart.
If she did not love him, how could she love him so much with his pursuit like that? How would she trust him so much? It was all because she truly loved him. She was willing to give him everything and stood behind him willingly because of her courage and love toward him.
“I don't like people's warning, and it was just my words to refute her. It'll be ridiculous if you take it seriously, Mr. James,” Amanda looked calm, and her love toward him was gone when he said he never loved her back then. There was only hatred left between the two people.
“Are you telling me that you lied, Ms. Flores?” he took a few steps backwards, and his tone was icy.
Amanda stared at him aggressively, “Are you expecting me to say that I was wrong and promised her that I wouldn't have to contact you in the future when she warned me? Mr. James, we are business partners now, and there will be many opportunities for us to contact in the future. Do you want me to end the partnership with you immediately because of her warning?”
Stanford frowned and wondered, ‘How could this woman have such a clever tongue?’
“Besides that, please let go of me, Mr. James. If your admirer sees this, I don't know if she wants to strangle me.”
Stanford slowly let go of his hand, and he did not know why he felt some loss within himself.
“What do you want to do with it, Ms. Flores?” he returned to his seat.
Amanda said, “I want her to apologize to me in public.”
“Ms. Flores, I'll buy a new phone for you since yours has broken. As for the apology...”
“She has to apologize to me!” Amanda took a tough stance, “I'm here to work and not for people to threaten me.”
Stanford looked at her for a few seconds, “Ms. Flores, you've also deceived me. Are you going to apologize to me as well?”
“What did I deceive you?”
“You said that you'll pursue me and somewhat like me.”
Amanda was speechless.
She frowned, “I've already explained to you...”
“No matter what the reason is, you did lie to me,” Stanford gave a solemn face as if he was upset.
Was he reluctant to see Lindsay apologize to others?
Was he into Lindsay?
Amanda clenched her hands, “I get it, Mr. James, so you like her so much. Then why don't you marry her? Do you guys like to show affection in this way? I'll consider myself unlucky today to get tricked. As for the new phone, I'll buy it myself, and you don't need to go to this expense, Mr. James.”
After saying that, she turned around and left.
“Ms. Flores, you're so stubborn, and I don't like people like this,” Stanford said.
Amanda turned her head, “I'm afraid that I have to disappoint you, Mr. James. I've admirers too. There are so-called different strokes for different folks. You don't like me, but others do like me.”
Many people liked and pursued her back then, but she blindly loved the person who did not like her.
Stanford inexplicably felt that her words were harsh, and his voice was cold as well, “Didn't you disappoint in love, Ms. Flores?”
“I disappointed in love but not lose my heart. I've got rid of scum, and I'll find a better man in the future,” Amanda looked at him, “Mr. James, since you're concealing Ms. Leroy's fault and refuses to ask her to apologize to me, I have nothing to say and consider myself unlucky. Mr. James, if you have something to say, please tell me hurriedly. I have things to busy with and don't have time to spend with you here.”
Stanford looked at her solemnly for a few seconds. Simona was as stubborn as that woman.
That woman used to be like this too. She would not put herself at a disadvantage.
She would not take the initiative to bully others, but she also refused to be aggrieved.
Stanford used to think that she was wayward and arrogant, who was spoiled by the family. At this time, he thought she was so real. She never disguised herself in front of him, and she always showed him her true colours thoroughly.
Why would he think of that woman when he saw Simona every time?
He pressed his eyebrows with his fingers and said in a low voice, “Wait for a moment.”
He made a room-to-room call connected to the secretary desk, “Inform Ms. Leroy to come to my office.”
#####Chapter 893 Your Mercy to Her
He put down the phone, “Ms. Flores, you came all the way here, and you're strange to City B. As a business partner, I can't let you feel aggrieved.”
Amanda stood by the door and looked at him, “Aren't you afraid that she'll be angry with you?”
“I have nothing to do with her,” he regretted after saying that because he did not need to explain to her whether he had a relationship with Lindsay.
He felt that he was too impulsive and pressed his eyebrows with his fingers very hard. He hated the feeling of being out of his control.
Amanda walked over to the desk, drew a chair, and sat down.
Tap!
Someone had tapped on the door at this time. Lindsay was in a business suit and was wearing delicate makeup. She was happy when she received the call from the secretary.  
She was still smiling when she pushed the door, but after she saw Simona in the office, the smile on her face gradually disappeared.
“Mr. James,” she glanced at Simona before turning her gaze to Stanford, “Why are you looking for me?”
“You went to Ms. Flores just now?” Stanford asked directly.
Lindsay suddenly clenched her hands and smiled awkwardly, “Yes...”
“Apologize to Ms. Flores.”
Stanford gave an order directly before she had time to explain.
Lindsay could not believe it and thought she had misheard, “Stanford, what did you say? You ask me to apologize to her?”
“You went to the hotel to find me today and broke my phone as well. I didn't wrong you, Ms. Leroy. Did I?” Amanda crossed her legs elegantly and looked at her indifferently.
“What are you talking about, Ms. Flores? I don't get it.”
Amanda was bending over the desk, looked at Stanford with interest, and said with a smile, “Mr. James, this young lady, who likes you, has a poor moral quality. She just did something wrong but then denies it now. How does she become the department chief with such a character?”
Stanford's face turned pale, “It has nothing to do with work.”
She acted as she had a moment of enlightenment, “Oh, so J&Y Group only focuses on the ability of the employee regardless of their character. Even if the person has poor character, the person still can win herself a place in J&Y Group. I'm impressed with your generosity to the management strategies, Mr. James.”
Lindsay, who stood by the side, got angry. She rebuked loudly to Simona regardless of the presence of Stanford, “Don't go too far. Stop slinging mud at me. When did I go to you...”
“Lindsay!” Stanford thought that they could settle the matter after she apologized to Simona. He did not expect Lindsay would refuse to admit it. He took a deep breath to suppress the anger that was about to explode, “I ask you to apologize to Ms. Flores.”
Lindsay stood still, and her body tensed up, “I won't apologize to her. I didn't do wrong.”
Amanda leaned back in the chair and was anticipating the charade, “Ms. Leroy, you keep against the boss, don't you afraid of getting fired? Or you're not afraid of getting fired because of taking advantage of the fact that the boss values you?”
Stanford looked at Simona, “Ms. Flores, do you want to have a good laugh at me, don't you?”
“It's not that I want to laugh at you. It's because of Ms. Leroy, who wants to show me her acting, so I have to watch the show,” Amanda leaned back in the chair lazily and looked relaxed, and it was a look of watching a good show.
“Lindsay, would I ask you to apologize to her for no reason if she has no evidence?” Stanford did not like Lindsay, but he definitely would not expect that she was the kind of person who would lie and would deny what she had done.
He felt more disappointed at her than that of losing face in front of the outsider.
“I...”
Lindsay wanted to explain to him, but Amanda interrupted her, “Ms. Leroy, you better hurry up. I don't have time to spend with you here.”
Lindsay could only feel her blood was flowing backwards. She would have grabbed Simona's collar and slapped her in the face violently if she lost her senses.
How could she have never expected that Simona would go to Stanford!
Lindsay clenched her hands into fists and unclenched them. She repeated the movement several times. She did not look at Simona, “Ms. Flores, I'm sorry.”
Amanda got up from the chair, “I'll not ask for compensation for the phone since you've apologized to me.”
After saying that, she looked at Stanford, “Mr. James, I don't want to disturb your work, and I'll leave first.”
Stanford's face took on a ghastly expression, and he did not respond to her. Amanda raised the corners of her lips and did not care about him.
Amanda thought, ‘Now then you know Lindsay is a person who will lie?’
No, she would not only lie but also harm people behind their backs.
Stanford spoke after the office door closed, “Why did you do this? Why did you lie?”
“I, I...” Lindsay wanted to explain, but she found that she was unable to do so, “I think she has an impure intention to get close to you...”
“So you went to her and looked for trouble?” Stanford raised his eyebrows and was not satisfied with the answer, “Lindsay, I've told you that I won't like you, and I'll never be with you. Don't do such unmeasured things in the future.”
“Is it because of Amanda? Are you still caring about her? But she's dead...”
“Lindsay!” Stanford got completely angry at this time, “I wanted to get back at her, but I never wanted her to die. I suffered a lot this year she left. You were her best friend...”
“Haha...” Lindsay suddenly laughed loudly, “Stanford, what do you mean by this? Don't forget she died because of you. You hurt her and deceived her. You bear the brunt! Don't you think it's too late to atone for your mistakes now?”
Lindsay's words echoed in his head. He was the one who hurt Amanda and deceived her.
“You're right. Since Amanda has already dead, all the more reason I can't be with you and leave her unsettled in heaven. Lindsay, since you have worked for me for so many years, I'll let it go this time. If you have the next again, I'll not let you stay in the company anymore,” Stanford took the phone and made a room-to-room call that connected to the secretary desk, “Have the driver get the car ready.”
“Okay.”
He hung up the call, grabbed his coat, and stepped out of the office.
“Stanford...”
Lindsay rushed over to Stanford and caught him around the waist, “Why do you do this to me because of a dead person?”
Stanford removed her hand from his waist and pushed her away. He rebuked her sternly, “Don't risk my temper!”
Lindsay staggered backwards and fell to the ground. Her tears rolled down her cheeks, and she looked at him sadly, “Is it my fault to love you?”
Stanford ignored her, opened the door, and walked out of the office.
Lindsay spoke hysterically from behind him, “Stanford, is this your mercy to her? You took her family fortune and caused her to lose her life for you. You deceived her, lied to her, and took advantage of her. What would she do if she knew these in heaven? Would she forgive you? Is that possible? I'm afraid that she would only hate you and refuse to forgive you in all your life!”
Stanford stopped his footsteps and stood at his post with his body tensed up. He did not come to his sense for a long time. Would she hate him and refuse to forgive him in all his life?
He clenched his hands into fists. How desperate was Amanda to give up her life in that way?
“Mr. James,” the secretary walked over to him, “Are you alright?”
Stanford returned to his senses and said, “I'm okay.”
After saying that, he left the office. The driver was waiting for him at the entrance downstairs. When he saw Stanford walked out of the building, he opened the rear door. Stanford bent himself and got into the car. The driver closed the door, then walked quickly to the front door and got in the driver's seat. He started the car, “Mr. James, where are you going?”
Stanford pressed his eyebrows with his fingers and said, “Home.”
The driver was stunned for a moment because Stanford had not said the word of home for a long time. Which place was he referring to the home?
Was it the place he was living? Or was it the former villa or James'?
##### Chapter 894 Another Kind of Love
“Forget it,” Stanford did not dare to go to their home where there were too many memories that he did not dare to recall.
The driver knew that he decided it in a moment of impulsion and would calm down after some time. The driver would ask him again where to go after that. The driver started the car, drove off, and drove down the streets in the city without direction.
Stanford closed his eyes and leaned back in the seat to have a nap. After a long time, he took his phone and made a call.
Soon the call got through, and he said, “Atwood.”
“Yes,” Atwood was standing in front of the door of Stanford's office at this time. He was going to deliver documents to Stanford, but then he saw Lindsay was sitting and crying on the floor in the office.
They had been working under Stanford for so many years. Although sometimes he did not think she acted right, he considered her as his friend.
He went over to Lindsay and helped her up.
In the car, Stanford turned his head to look out of the window. He looked at the street scene rapidly went by and said, “Have an investigation on Simona.”
Stanford did not like the fact that he always treated her like Amanda, and he even disliked that he would do things that made him unlike himself because of her.
He needed to know the truth about her.
Who was she?
Why did he always have to think of her as another person?
Atwood was stunned for a moment. He did not expect Stanford to ask him to investigate Simona for no reason, “Investigate how she joined RM Group?”
“All about her.”
Atwood said in a low voice, “I got it.”
Stanford hung up the call.
Lindsay looked at Atwood, “Is Stanford asking you to investigate Simona?”
Atwood nodded and asked, “Did you and Stanford quarrel?”
Otherwise, how would Lindsay sit on the floor? She was in the company, and she was also the head of the planning department. It would be an ill scene if people saw she sat on the floor.
Lindsay pursed her lips, “Do you think that Stanford has changed?”
Atwood shook this head, “No, I don't think so.”
Lindsay said with great certainty, “He has changed. He asked me to apologize to Simona, and now he's asking you to investigate her. What does he mean?”
Was he interested in her?
“We are the people working under him, and we all know his nature very well. Stanford will not have such an interest in women. He was with Amanda for revenge back then. After that, Stanford never has any other woman, but he is working so much on Simona now. Does he get a crush on her?” Lindsay only felt blocked up in the chest. She could hardly kill Amanda back then, and there was another woman, called Simona, getting close to Stanford!
Atwood pursed his lips and said, “Lindsay, after Stanford and Mrs. James got married, no, even before they got married, he had no other woman either. In my opinion, he doesn't look for other women because he loves Mrs. James, and not because he doesn't have an interest in women.”
Lindsay suddenly widened her eyes, and she stared at Atwood, “How could he possibly love Amanda? She was his enemy and the fact that they already divorced. Why do you still call her Mrs. James?”
Atwood knew that Lindsay liked Stanford, and she was paranoid about it and refused to accept the truth.
The same went to Stanford, who could not recognize his thoughts and feelings because of hatred.
Stanford's nature was getting more indifferent this year, and he did not have contact with any women. All of these were because he lost Amanda.
Atwood sighed. It was hard to reason with a person who had got into a blind alley.
“Lindsay, behave yourself,” Atwood said, turned around, and walked out of the office.
Lindsay suddenly stepped forward and grabbed him by his arm. She looked at him pleadingly, “Atwood, we're friends, right?”
Atwood nodded, “I do consider you as my friend.”
“Do me a favour,” Lindsay grabbed his arm tightly, “Whatever information you find out about Simona, please add one more information about her.”
Atwood frowned slightly, “What information?”
“You tell Stanford that Simona has a promiscuous life, and she had slept with many men. Stanford will not like a sexually immoral woman.”
Atwood could not believe it, “Lindsay, innocence is important for women. How can you smear a woman's innocence?”
“It's not big publicity. I only want to let Stanford think Simona is that kind of woman. Moreover, she could be that kind of person...”
“Lindsay, I'll tell Stanford all the information I found out truthfully. You should wish him to get happiness if you love him,” Atwood left after saying that.
Lindsay stood still where she was stiffly and looked at Atwood's back, “Atwood, have you ever loved a person?”
Atwood stopped his footsteps, and his body trembled slightly.
“Don't you wish to be with the person you love?  I only want to be with him and want him to see how good I am, and that's it.”
“Sometimes, there's another kind of love, which is silently watch on her. I feel happy also when I watch her get her happiness.”
“That's not love, and that's dumb. You should fight for it if you love someone!” Lindsay's love was domineering and possessive, so she would not understand the deep meaning of Atwood's words.
Atwood sighed faintly, “Forget it.”
It was hard for him to explain it to Lindsay.
He took a step to leave the office.
Lindsay stood still where she was and clenched her hands into fists tightly. She could kill Amanda in the past, and she could also kill Simona. She just wanted to warn her at first, but now...
She took her phone, made a call, and told the person on the other end of the phone the room number of the hotel where Simona was staying, “You send it to her through courier service.”
She hung up the call after the person answered her.
Amanda did not immediately go back to the hotel after leaving the J&Y Group building. She went to Casimir's company, but Casimir was not there.
She only knew to stay with Stanford in the past, and she also did not interact with other people except Lindsay. So she had no friends to meet in City B at this time. 
She could not help but laugh at herself. The people she trusted and truly loved were the ones who always thought to hurt her.
“Amanda, your life really sucks!”
She shook her head to leave the mess behind her and went back to the hotel by cab.
After entering the door, she took off her shoes and wore a pair of comfortable cotton slippers. She walked to the sofa and was about to sit down to rest. The doorbell rang at this time.
She walked over to open the door, and a courier was standing at the door, “May I ask if you're Ms. Flores?”
Amanda nodded, “Yes, it's me.”
“Here's your parcel,” the courier handed over a paper box to her.
“My parcel? Who's the one who sent the parcel to me?” she did not seem to have online shopping, and she had not been in the country long. How could she have a parcel?
“I'm not sure the person who sent it. I'm only responsible for delivery. Please sign for it.”
Amanda was puzzled but did not embarrass the courier. She picked up the pen that he handed over to her, and she signed.
She took the paper box, and it was very light. She shook it in her hand, and there was a sound of things sliding. It should be a small object. She closed the door and looked for the tool to open the tape above the box. There was only a USB flash drive in the box.
She took it out and looked at it. It was just an ordinary USB flash drive and nothing special. She threw the paper box into the trash, took the USB flash drive, and went to turn on the laptop.
The person who sent her the USB flash drive must have wanted her to see what was in it.
#####Chapter 895 Do You Want Me to Swear
She inserted the USB flash drive into the port and moved the mouse to click to open the file.
The laptop screen presented a video of a tied-up woman thrown on the ground.
There was a tape sealing the woman's mouth, and Amanda could only hear the woman whimpered.
She looked nervous instantly.
What was this?
Who sent this to her?
What was the purpose of sending this to her?
The screen of the video zoomed in, and she saw the woman's face.
Was not she the woman who had a love scandal with Stanford in the nightclub?
How would she be...
Amanda was a little confused and puzzled, and she could not figure out what was going on.
The phone in her pocket suddenly rang.
She took her phone out of her pocket, and the notification showed an unknown phone number. She tapped on the screen to open the text: I wanted you to see what would happen to the person who coveted Stanford with your own eyes at first, but you failed to appreciate my kindness. You'll have a worse end than her!
Amanda sat in the chair.
She calmed down for a moment and seemed to know what was going on.
Lindsay said she was looking for Amanda to watch a show, and it was true.
Lindsay wanted her to see the woman being abused with her own eyes to intimidate her.
However, she did not go with Lindsay.
She even went to Stanford to embarrass Lindsay. Lindsay was not afraid that Amanda would go to Stanford to say something about her since Lindsay had sent her a message blatantly.
Cold shivers ran down Amanda's back.
Lindsay was really a psychopath!
She would not let go of any woman who had contact with Stanford. Was she mentally ill?
It was terrible.
Amanda had goosebumps on her arms.
The laptop screen was still playing with the video of the woman who was being abused, and it made her felt more horrible.
She clicked the mouse to turn off the video.
She was sitting in the chair, and her heart was still pounding.
She used to be so close to Lindsay, but she had not realized Lindsay had such a wicked heart.
She pressed her chest with her hand and thought, ‘I was lucky that had not being killed by her.’
Amanda felt terror and became to be on tenterhooks.
Lindsay would definitely find ways to harm Amanda with her evil heart. So Amanda must catch the ball before the bound.
She had to plan it properly.
She wanted to beat Lindsay at her own game since Lindsay intended to harm her.
Amanda had an idea in her mind, took the phone, and went out of the room.
She could not await her doom this time.
People were coming and going to the hotel entrance, and there were a lot of cars as well, so Amanda could easily stop a cab. She got into the cab and told the driver the residence of Casimir.
The driver drove off.
The sky came over dark at this time, and the neon lights lit up.
They encountered the rush hour traffic at this time. It took a long time for the driver to drive to the place where Casimir lived. Amanda paid the fares and got out of the car.
Amanda was about to call Casimir because the gatekeeper would not simply let her go into the residential area.
When she made a call, she surprisingly heard the ringing bell. She looked in the direction of the ringing sound, and then she saw Casimir was walking out of the residential area.
She raised her hand, waved at Casimir, shouted, “Casimir.”
Casimir looked at her, quickened his pace, and hung up the phone that was still ringing in passing. He walked over to Amanda and asked, “Why are you here?”
Amanda asked him directly without beating around the bush, “Have you found out any clue about the matter I asked you to investigate?”
“The man that you've mentioned last time?” Casimir asked.
Amanda nodded, “Yes.”
“I'm not too sure yet, but I'm about to go to a place,” he did find out some clues, but he could not confirm yet.
“I'll go with you,” Amanda said.
“Why all the hurry?” Casimir pressed the car button to unlock the car, “I'm not going to a good place. Are you sure you want to go with me?”
She nodded, “Someone wants to harm me, and I have to hurry up.”
Casimir frowned, “Who?”
“Who else except her?” Amanda snorted, “The one who didn't get to kill me last time.”
Casimir looked sullen instantly, “Lindsay? You're not Amanda now. Why does she still want to harm you?”
“She's a psychopath!” Amanda felt chilled within herself when she thought of the video of the woman being beaten, “I suspect that she's ill.”
She was mentally ill and so possessive.
It was okay to love someone, but she was going too far that she did not allow Stanford to have any women around him.
She raised the corners of her lips and said sarcastically, “Stanford is quite lucky to have a woman who loves him so much.”
Casimir looked at her, “You really don't love Stanford anymore?”
Amanda glared at him, opened the car door, and got into the car, “Casimir, do you know you're annoying?”
Casimir opened the door, sat in the driver's seat, and started the car. He took a glance backwards, “It's only a joke. Are you mad?”
“Why do you always like to say things like that?” he did it last time too.
“Alright, not anymore. I promise this is the last,” Casimir smiled, “Do you want me to swear?”
Amanda said, “Focus on driving.”
She was not mad.
Casimir smiled and drove off.
He thought of her current situation, withdrew his smile, and asked, “It's too dangerous you get close to Lindsay, who dares to harm people's lives. What are you going to do?”
“Depends on the situation,” she had a plan in her mind.
Casimir said, “I'll find two bodyguards for you and protect you secretly.”
“You can arrange for it, there will be a need,” after all, she had to be on guard against Lindsay, just in case.
She would not be as lucky as last time, being saved by Casimir.
Soon Casimir stopped the car. He opened the car door, got out of the car, and walked to the rear door to open it for Amanda, “We're here.”
#####Chapter 896 Negotiating a Business	
Amanda bent down and glanced at that place. It did resemble a private mansion.
“Follow me closely.” It was Casimir’s first time here, and he wasn’t that confident about his actions now. After all, he was in the dark about how the other party was like.
He was just able to find out a little information about the man in there, which was his frequent appearance here.
Amanda nodded.
She wasn’t a fool, and she wouldn’t force herself to do something which was out of her control. She tried her best to diminish her own presence.
Casimir went forward to knock on the door.
After some time, the door opened and revealed a man with a scar on his face. There was a cigar dangling from his lips, and upon seeing the visitors, he blew out a foamy white smoke, “Who are you looking for?” 
“Your boss,” Casimir replied.
The man with the scar studied him briefly and realized that there was another person behind him. He jerked his eyes in that direction, “There’s a lass with you?”
Casimir put himself in front of Amanda and repeated, “We want to see your boss.”
“Does our boss know you?” The man sucked at the cigar hard, “How were you able to find us here?”
Casimir was at a loss for words. He couldn’t come out and say that she was investigating them, could he?”
That certainly wouldn’t work.
She would arouse their suspicion and made them think that the two of them were here with some malicious intent. From this man’s battered and weathered look, he must be one of those reckless people who could do scary things. 
“We are Lindsay’s friend. It was here who introduced this place to us.” Amanda suddenly came out and said.
That day, she spotted Lindsay and that man engaging in business dealing. She surmised that he must be doing that illegal ordeal as his job.
Lindsay didn’t just meet them only once, so they must know her.
As expected, upon hearing Lindsay’s name being brought up, the man with the scar simply asked, “You’re introduced by Lindsay?”
“Yes, and we have a business proposal to negotiate with your boss,” Amanda said.
The man with the scar threw away his cigar and stepped on it to put out the embers. He then pulled the door open and said, “Come in.”
Casimir led the way in front while Amanda followed from behind.
The inside of the mansion was messy, but it was spacious. A few men were loitering near the sofa with their legs raised. They were half-lying on those sofas as they played with their phones. Sensing that there were visitors, they simply shot a glance in this direction before resuming their activity.
A few food packets which seemed unfinished were lying around on a tea table, and there were numerous beer bottles too. It seemed that these people must have put away their thirst by drinking beer, not tea.
“Wait for a while. I will go and call our boss.” The man with the scar glanced at a man on the sofa and ordered, “We have visitors. You guys need to keep your act together.”
A few of them rummaged around but no visible changes occurred. They didn’t seem to be bothered with putting on a good front as they fidgeted around smugly.
The man with the scar disappeared on the second floor.
In no time, he reappeared and said to them, “Our boss is upstairs. You can go there now.”
Casimir placed Amanda right behind her as he said, “Follow me close.”
Amanda nodded in agreement.
The two of them maintained their formation while ascending the stairs.
Despite the messy ground floor, the second floor was impeccably neat. The floor was so sparkling and clean that one’s reflection could even be seen from it.
From the top of the stairs, a dining room was just meters away. There was a huge French window that made the whole place basking in the light. A man was sitting by the table enjoying his meal, and upon hearing some noise, he simply asked without even looking up, “Are you guys introduced by Lindsay?”
Casimir was about to open his mouth, but Amanda pulled him to signal him to stop talking. She shook her head and looked at the man, “Yes, but no too.”
What did she mean by that?
The man raised his gaze at her, “What do you mean?”
Amanda stared straight at him, “She revealed your existence to us, but she was not the one asking us to come here.”
Before the man could say something, Amanda continued, “You must be curious as to what do I mean by my words. In fact, it is easy to comprehend. I happened to know about you from her mouth, and I even know what you lot are doing here.”
The man put down his cutlery and a dark mood entered his eyes. He seemed upset, which was understandable since he wasn’t here to do some legal dealings here. He wouldn’t want too many people to know about his activities here.”
Amanda flashed a smile, “But I am really here to talk business with you.”
#####Chapter 897 No Grudges 
“You have dealt with Lindsay twice, with the first time taking place one year ago and the second time just yesterday. You even lost two of your men last time, am I right?” Amanda described what she had learnt before.
However, she didn’t explicitly state that she had learnt about those on her own. She purposely wanted this man to think that it was Lindsay who had spilt the beans. 
She wanted to make this man feel that Lindsay wasn’t someone who could keep secrets.
If there were any future dealings, this man would have thought twice before proceeding. However, this was not her aim when she came here. 
“Lindsay is giving you one million dollars this time, but I will give you twice the amount.” Amanda pulled one of the chairs by the table and settled down on it. “Do we proceed?”
Casimir shot a glance at her and then simply stood behind the seated Amanda, looking like he was her underling.
At this moment, it was paramount that someone had to boost Amanda’s image and prestige.
The man studied her for some time and concluded that this girl really had some guts considering her tender age. 
“What do you want from me?” The man’s face remained unperturbed, and his tone was monotonous. Despite that, Amanda knew that she had aroused his interest.
“What I want is something very simple, and it won’t incur any losses on your side. I just need you to put in some words for me.” 
The man narrowed his eyes, “Money is not all that I care about.”
Amanda smiled, “Then what are the other factors?”
“Whether this business will go through depends entirely on my whim.” The man instinctively knew that this girl was a completely different animal compared to Lindsay. She was obviously targeting Lindsay this time.
From what she was implying through her words, although she didn’t make anything clear, he was smart enough to understand that this girl was implying that Lindsay wasn’t someone reliable and her mouth was not zipped shut. She was saying that Lindsay couldn’t be trusted with secrets.
Nevertheless, he still had dealt with Lindsay twice, and contrary to that he knew nothing about this girl in front of her.
He was talking about her origins.
He had investigated Lindsay and found that she was just a naïve girl who fawned over guys, nothing more. Lindsay would never be a threat to him, or else he would never have dealt with her multiple times.
Amanda raised her brows and felt that this man wasn’t someone who could be bought over with mere words. However, according to her father’s words, she knew that she could never reveal all of her cards when engaging in dealing with anyone.
Even if she had nothing up her sleeves, she still had to pretend that she was a threat. 
She must let the other party wonder about her true worth and what kind of perks she was holding.
She leaned back slightly and appeared lazy as she placed a hand on the table, “Do you have any idea who am I?”
The man smiled, “Who are you?”
“The first time you corroborated with Lindsay, she had killed someone. You do know about that, don’t you?” Her tone was as light and nonchalant as it could ever be.
The smile on that man’s face seemed fabricated and it seemed like it was on the verge of dissolving. That matter did indeed involve the life of someone.
If he were not careful, a lawsuit would be waiting for him. It had been a year, and just as he was slowly letting down his guard, why would this girl suddenly bring this up?
“Who are you, really? Don’t tell me that you were supposed to die a long time ago.” The man glared at her with a stern gaze.
Amanda shrugged, “What if I told you that I am just like you said?”
“I don’t believe you. That woman was dead, and if I were not wrong, even her bones would have turned into ashes by now.” At that time, he had investigated thoroughly and made sure that she was indeed a dead woman.
“Are you really sure about that? That she’s dead?” Amanda asked with a sly smile.
In fact, she didn’t know the identity of that one man and woman who had died in that fire. She also didn’t know why did that man who used to harm her end up disappearing from the face of the earth. 
However, they didn’t know about her conversation with Lindsay at that time too.
With how things were looking, she could have said anything and it would have sounded like the truth.
There were a lot of inexplicable aspects to that incident. Judging from the fact that her death had been shoved under the carpet so secretively, everyone must have thought that she was really dead. 
As for those who had harmed her, besides Lindsay, the other perpetrator had gone missing. 
She didn’t know what was up with that, but for now, she had to use it to her benefit.
“Don’t you ever once wonder about the strange disappearance of your two underlings? You could never even find them anymore, dead or alive.”
The man’s face remained unfazed, “You know about this?”
“Of course,” Amanda said carelessly, “Because I was the one who killed them.”
The man finally looked startled as he shot up from his chair, “You have killed one of my men?”
Amanda continued to be seated and her posture didn’t even change one bit. She slightly looked up and met his eyes, “They were your men, but they were trying to kill me.”
“They were just carrying out their orders. The one who wanted your death was Lindsay.” The man argued animatedly. 
Amanda smiled, “Those executioners were equally guilty.” 
“Wait, how did you accomplish that?” The man seemed to feel worried.
It seemed that this girl knew too much.
“You should know who Lindsay wanted to bring harm to, shouldn’t you?”
“Of course, that person is the heir to the WY Group and the only daughter of Matthew Nelson. Between her two elder brothers, one is the president of the JK Group in City C, and the other is seemingly a Colonel in the army while just being a 23-year-old man. She is the apple of their eyes, the one garnering all of the loves in the world.”
Naturally, back then he wouldn’t have known that the one Lindsay wanted to mess with was that heir. If he knew about that, he wouldn’t have cooperated with Lindsay in the first place. 
He only knew about this news afterwards, and everything was in a state of calm even after that incident. The police had announced that the heir had killed herself, and no further investigations were carried out. Slowly but surely, things began to die down.
At that time, he used to think her family must have believed the claim that her daughter had committed suicide. That must be the reason they decided not to dig further. However, come to think of it, it was their precious daughter who had died, so it would be strange if a meticulous and massive investigation never ensued.
The police only announced the suicide, and nothing more came after that.
The man began to panic as he studied her nervously. From what he was seeing, this girl didn’t look a lot like that young missus from back then.
“You…”
“Have you finally understood everything?” She leaned forward, “Don’t be so shocked, now. Plastic surgery is all the rage nowadays. I simply reinvented myself with plastic surgery.”
“Are you the one who made them disappear without a trace? Did you make it so that nobody would have uncovered anything even if they tried?” The man seemed to still have doubts, but in his heart, something conclusive had taken shape. 
He entertained the possibility that the two of them were long dead, but nothing came out of his investigation at all which could neither prove that they were alive or dead. They simply disappeared without a trace.
He used to hear about a rumour that Matthew had a connection in the police station who was later on promoted and being transferred away.
They had planted their men in the police station.
It was not the most impossible thing to cover up the truth. 
Amanda smiled again, “What do you think?”
The man stumbled onto his chair and said, “Tell me, why are you looking for me?”
“I know for a fact that you aren’t the one who wanted me dead. After all, we have no grudges against each other, and you were simply paid for your services. I know who my real nemesis is, therefore, I need your help.”
The man could guess what she was about to say next, “You want me to deal with Lindsay?”
“She wanted me dead, you know. Is it possible that I could just forget and forgive her without doing anything?” Amanda was straight to the point, “She would have harmed me again anyway.”
“What do you want me to do?” The man asked.
“We will be in a cooperative relationship. Of course, I won’t let you do this without any return. I won’t leave you out of what I will promise you.”
The man flashed a smile that looked awkward, “The thing about the payment…”
“I said, you have nothing to do with what happened in the past. I know who really wanted me dead, so now I just want to get my revenge.”
The man must have his own conclusion as to who was more frightening if her wrath was incurred, in between Lindsay and Amanda.
The big picture became immediately cleared when he remembered his two men who had gone missing.
“Since you are so blunt, Miss Nelson, I will show my sincerity too. Just say it, what do you want and need me to do?”
#####Chapter 898 I Will Accompany You to Drink
Amanda stated what she wanted.
The man never hesitated before agreeing to her terms. This was because he wouldn’t incur many losses anyhow.
Furthermore, she was going to pay him way more than Lindsay had ever paid him. 
The most important thing was her background was much formidable than Lindsay. He wouldn’t want to make himself an enemy of her. 
Considering all of his men’s safety and well-being, it was more beneficial for him to gang up with Amanda. As the saying goes, a bird will always find a good branch to stand on.
She had to change with the times.
“Then, I will leave everything to you now. I will be in your debt.” Amanda stood up.
“Naturally.” The man followed suit, “Let me send you off.”
Amanda didn’t reject him.
“How should I address you?” Amanda asked. 
“Just call me Marlon.” Marlon Leonard replied.
Amanda smiled at him.
The two of them seemed to have a lively exchange, and when the other men downstairs saw Marlon coming down, they greeted him, “Marlon.”
Marlon introduced these people to Amanda, “These are my friends.” 
Amanda was caught off guard when he addressed those people as friends. 
Marlon smiled and said, “My brothers who follow me are my family too.”
He was someone who valued kinship very much. These people are those who would blindly follow him to the ends of the earth.
“You don’t need to see me off.” Amanda smiled.
“Got it.” Marlon stood at the door, “Safe trip, Miss Nelson.”
Amanda nodded once before marching towards her car. Casimir opened the door for her and she bent down to enter it. Casimir jogged to the driver’s side and hopped on before turning on the engine and driving away.
Marlon only shut the door when the car disappeared out of his sight.
The man with the scar came to him and asked, “I see that you seem to have a lively conversation with that girl. Does that mean we have more jobs now?”
Marlon stopped smiling altogether and said gravely, “You lot can’t do this job.”
It was something he had to do with his own hands.
He glanced at his underlings who followed him around and said, “Be honest and keep your act clean from now on. Don’t go out without any reason.”
“Don’ you worry, we are always obedient.” The man with the scar said. 
Someone on the sofa chipped in, “That’s right, you can rest assured. We know where the lines are drawn.”
He mumbled a response before going upstairs again. He fished out his phone to make a call while walking.
In the car.
Casimir who had stayed silent throughout the whole episode finally broke his silence when the car was further away, “Why did you reveal yourself to him? You had only met him, yet you aren’t afraid of him selling you out?”
Amanda put some of her weight against the window and gazed at the passing scenery. Her voice was calm, “He won’t. He should be wary of things.”
He was wary of her identity and background. She wasn’t about to expose herself, but she reckoned people would have known it anyway.
Everything was going smoothly at this point.
“Casimir, do you remember how you convince the police that I was supposedly dead?”
“I have asked someone to change the DNA record on the deceased,” Casimir replied.
“If you were to splash some money, do you think you can cover this whole thing up to the point that even Stanford wouldn’t have gotten wind of it?”
“What do you mean?” Casimir didn’t understand completely, “Do you mean that someone is helping us, so that is why things didn’t get exposed? And that someone made sure everyone is in the dark even until now?”
“Sigh.” Amanda let out a sigh.
“When things finally settle down…”
“What happens after that?” Casimir continued to probe.
Amanda looked at him, “Why are you being so busybody now?”
“Let me investigate about your father.” All of a sudden, Amanda changed the topic.
“That’s good.” Casimir smiled.
“However, you need to supply me with some leads.” Or else, how would she even start?
“Right, I have completely forgotten about it if you didn’t bring this up. The last time I went to see my mother, I discovered a photo of a man in one of the drawers near her bed. I have captured it on my phone.” Casimir’s expression was grave, “My hunch is that man is my father.”
“Does he resemble you in any way?”
Casimir shook his head, “Not really. I take after my mother more.”
Amanda leaned towards him and asked, “Where’s your phone? Let me take a look.”
“In my pockets,” Casimir said.
Amanda settled back into her seat, “Take it out for me.”
“You take it yourself,” Casimir said cheekily.
Amanda was speechless.
“I am not used to fiddling around with someone’s pants.” 
Casimir used one hand to hold the steering wheel and used the other to fish out his phone from his pocket to her.
Amanda took it, “Don’t you scared of me checking out private kinds of stuff in here?”
“My secrets aren’t as many as yours.” Casimir replied, “There’s no password.”
“What secrets do I have, now?” Amanda retorted.
Casimir simply smiled mysteriously.
At the same time, he thought in his heart that everyone thought that Amanda was dead while actually, she was alive and well. 
This could constitute one of the greatest secrets of all time. 
Yet, she was saying that she didn’t have any secrets? 
Amanda didn’t continue this argument as she swiped the phone and found a photo album without any passwords stopping her.
There weren’t many photos inside, with the number amounting to roughly a doze. Most of them depicted him posing with a man, “These photos here, is she your mother?”
“Yes. My mum looks young, doesn’t she?”
Amanda nodded, “Can’t say that it’s obvious to see that she has a son with your age.”
Casimir was momentarily speechless.
In no time, Amanda was able to find that photo he had captured. She tapped on the photo to take a closer look, and it seemed like this photo wasn’t taken in a studio. It seemed more like it was casually captured on a phone and then printed out.
The more she stared at the man in the photo, the more she felt like him resembling Abbott.
She propped up her chin and speculated, “If your father is someone who has a family, what would you do.”
“Never thought about that.”
He just wanted to find out about this man, but he never really put in any thought about the possibility of him having step-brothers and step-sisters.
Amanda placed the phone in the central control area, “I will help you look for him.”
She was still a little doubtful about her own conjecture, but that man in the photo resembled Abbott when he was young a lot.
They could be said to be peas from the same pod!
She took out her phone and messaged Jos: Jos, help me investigate something.
The other party protested: Don’t call me Jos!
Amanda smiled: But that’s how dad and mum used to call you. I called you that too a long time ago.
There was a blank silence.
The other party replied: That’s dad and mum, and it was a long time ago. I am all grown up now, so I won’t allow you to call me like that anymore.
Amanda replied: Alright, I will refrain from calling you that. Let’s talk about something serious. Help me investigate whether Abbott had a girlfriend before he was married.
The other party replied: Why do you want me to find out about that?
Then, the other party followed up with another message: You discover Abbott?
Immediately, the other party regretted sending that. If Amanda had discovered about Abbott, she wouldn’t have sought help on investigating Abbott. She would have just pressed him on whether he had spilt the secrets. 
Amanda’s expression turned grave when she saw the message.
What did he mean?
Was Abbott here?
She dreaded thinking in this direction, but all of the signs showed that the thing she tried hard to hide had long been a piece of public knowledge.
The other party tried to explain: Sis, that…
Amanda replied: I know everything. You just help me dig into that.
The other party replied: Alright.
At first, when she married Stanford, her parents weren’t the most supportive. It was because she had used her life to threaten them later on. After all, she couldn’t let go.
Now that things had turned into such a state, she couldn’t bring herself to face them.
Sigh…
“What’s wrong?” Casimir turned to look at her, “Why do you keep letting out a sigh?”
“Nothing.” She curled up in her seat and said, “Casimir, drink with me.”
“Roger. Let me pick a place.”
Amanda said nothing.
Very soon, the car stopped at a restaurant. 
Amanda frowned, “I want to drink.”
Casimir got out of the car and went to her side and opened the door for her, “I will drink with you, but you need to fill your stomach too.”
#####Chapter 899 I’m Not Interested in a Young One
Amanda didn’t budge in her seat.
“Just come down. I won’t be able to carry you.” Casimir said half-jokingly.
She eyed him once before getting off the car. She was practically half-dragged into the restaurant.
“Two persons.” After entering the restaurant, Casimir said to the waiter.
“Please come in.” The waiter gestured politely to invite them.
Amanda didn’t look very energetic as her mood was gloomy. Casimir nudged her with his elbow and reminded her, “Freshen up.”
“What…” Before she could finish her sentence, she saw Stanford who was seated not far away. He looked like he was a business talk with someone. Sensing someone’s scrutiny, he turned his attention in their direction. 
Amanda immediately straightened her body and greeted him with a smile, “Mr. James.”
He nodded briefly, and his gaze lingered on Casimir for some time.
Casimir snorted in his heart before pulling Amanda to a seat.
“Serve us all of your most delicious foods.” Casimir waved his hand which traced a big arc in the air.
Amanda was speechless.
What was this situation?
Did he just snap?
The waiter froze for a moment before nodding and said, “Alright, we will serve the dishes very soon.”
“Act more intimately with me.” Casimir leaned over to her.
Amanda lurched backwards and protested, “I am not interested in young guys.”
Casimir furrowed his brows, “You’re the young ones you’re talking about.” 
Amanda didn’t comprehend what he was trying to do. She asked in a hushed voice, “Did you eat something wrong?”
“Isn’t your ex-husband there? I saw from his eyes that he didn’t look very friendly, so to frustrate him the most, you need to be intimate with me.”
Amanda stared at him like a fool, and she accentuated her words in a low voice, “My identity is not her ex-wife currently.”
The waiter served the dishes and very soon, the whole table was full of food.
Amanda was speechless.
Casimir said, “You will buy this meal.”
Amanda remained silent.
“Even if you’re not in your best days, you’re still richer than me,” Casimir said very indifferently.
Amanda still said nothing.
“Give me a hand. Cut the steak in my plate into pieces and feed me.” Casimir jerked up his chin.
“Are you out of your mind? Or are your fingers broken? 
“Your ex-husband is keeping an eye on us.” Casimir smiled.
Amanda checked from the corner of her eyes and saw that Stanford was really looking in their direction.
However, she didn’t heed Casimir as she busied herself with eating. In her mind, he was not mentally fit at the moment.
Casimir saw that she wasn’t persuaded, and after a half-second hesitation, he suddenly shouted, “Dear, be careful of the heat!”
Amanda stared at him with a dumbfounded face.
Many people were attracted by his voice.
Amanda cupped her forehead, feeling like finding a hole and burying herself in it.
There must be something wrong with this man’s head today.
Stanford was seemingly done with his business dealing with some other party as he got up and walked out.
Casimir pouted unpleasantly. 
After that, Casimir went to pay for the meal, but Amanda wanted to beat him to it, “Let me pay.”
“I was just joking and teasing you just now in the hopes that you will feel happier. You really think I will go broke with just a meal?” He fished out his bank card and put it on the cashier counter, “Do you really think I would allow a woman to treat me?” 
“We are friends,” Amanda said.
After paying with the card, Casimir put it back into his wallet, “Let’s go.”
The two of them walked out of the restaurant. Casimir asked, “Do you feel better now?”
Amanda smiled, “Much better.”
“Then hop onto the car. I’ll send you back.” Casimir pulled the car door open.
Amanda didn’t get into the car, “You go back by yourself. I will call a taxi.”
Casimir shoved her into the car anyway, “Do you think I won’t be worried about you out there all alone in the dark of the night?”
Amanda glanced at him and complained, “Why are you being so unreasonable?”
“Do I reach your ex-husband’s level yet?”
Amanda was caught off guard by that.
“If you continue to behave like this, we will cease to be friends soon.” She said seriously.
She didn’t like people around her bringing up the past, especially when it’s about that man!
“I am in the wrong, and I had run my mouth. No next time.” Casimir got into the driver’s seat while chuckling.
She really didn’t want to hear about Stanford from Casimir’s mouth anymore as she warned, “If there were a next time, I will cut all ties with you.”
“Are you really angry?” Casimir carefully gazed at her.
Amanda glared at him, “What do you think?”
Casimir started the engine, “I got it.”
“Are we still drinking?” Casimir asked.
“Casimir, why are you so annoying?” Amanda cursed at him, “Just drive.” Then, she shut her eyes and pretended to sleep.
Casimir knew that she was not in the mood to talk, so he stopped bothering her.
After some time, the car stopped in front of the hotel. Amanda got off and Casimir rolled down the window, “Do you want me to keep you company?”
He was being serious, and Amanda’s mood was like a roller coaster today. Fearing that her mood would dip, he wanted to be there if she needed someone to console her.
“I am fine.” Amanda smiled. She was back to herself at this point.
She stood by the road, without entering the hotel. She said to Casimir, “You go first. I will see you off.”
Casimir drove the car away.
Amanda watched the shrinking car until it disappeared before she turned around to enter the hotel. She seemed to glimpse a figure hiding around the flowers and by the time she looked in that direction, the figure moved itself to behind the flowers.
Her gaze darkened. Was Lindsay making her move now?
She took out her phone and texted Marlon to ask about his preparation. He replied very hastily: Everything is ready.
After reading the message, she pocketed her phone and walked towards the supermarket opposite the hotel. She was purposely giving those people who wanted to abduct her more time and chance. 
She bought a bottle and saw two men walking towards her. They walked to her side and said in a low voice, “We are Marlon’s men, and he already tells us about everything. You should follow us now.”
Then, the two men carried her into a car.
The car seemed to move away from the city and soon they were at the outskirts. They arrived at a burnt house which was hard to discern its original appearance.
Amanda looked outside the window. It seemed that this place was…
#####Chapter 900 Are you Worthy of Being Loved
Amanda looked outside the window. It seemed that this place was…
Her face slowly turned pale.
This was because this place was exactly the spot where Lindsay had tried to burn her to death. Even after a year had passed, the deep-rooted fear and despair from that time were still dwelling in the deepest part of her core.
When her eyes laid on this familiar place, she couldn’t help but recall the scene from back then.
Her finger began to curl up and at the same time, her abductor spoke, “We are almost there. In order not to arouse Ms. Leroy’s suspicion, we have to tie you up.”
Amanda mumbled a vague response.
Very soon, the car stopped in front of the ruins. The fearful expression on her face was half-pretence and half-truth. 
She was pretending because this was her trap that she had set up to fool Lindsay. Therefore, she had to make it look like she was actually scared.
However, part of her was dreading this place for real since this was the place she almost lost her life back then.
With a slushing sound, the door of the car suddenly slid open. Lindsay stood in front of the car and upon seeing Amanda, she smiled, “Miss Nelson.”
Amanda put on a shocked face, “W—Why are you capturing me?”
Lindsay’s face tilted to one side, and her smile grew even wider, “Aren’t you the smooth talker in front of Stanford? Why is your voice trembling all over the place now?”
“I am the representative from RM Group in this collaboration with J&Y Group…”
“Who cares about who you’re representing? Since you dare to suck up to Stanford, then you deserve to die!” Lindsay wiped off her smile and ordered, “Toss her down.”
The two men exchanged a glance and pushed Amanda out of the car. She stumbled onto her feet before steadying herself.
One of the men said, “We are only responsible to bring her here. Whatever you want to do next, we won’t interfere. We have agreed on this.”
Lindsay’s lips curled up, “Of course. I am planning to deal with this woman myself!”
She took hold of the rope which was tied around Amanda and showed her this piece of ruins, “Do you know why this place is burnt to such a state?”
Amanda had her hands tied, and they were clasping together. Her face grew fearful, “W—Why is that?”
“It’s because some woman has snatched my man. So, I let her be burnt into ashes here.” When Lindsay described this, the grudges and resentful anger danced around in her eyes. Even if Amanda was dead, she still wouldn’t let everything go, especially the part where Amanda used to be Mrs. James. 
“You are breaking the law!” Amanda shouted.
“Breaking the law?” Lindsay leaned backwards and laughed before inching close to her ears, “You still need evidence to prove that I am breaking the law. Do you have something like that?”
Amanda stared at her, “As long as you have broken the law, evidence will always be found in the end.”
“So what?” Lindsay shrugged, “You won’t be able to see it by that time anyway, because you will die in front of me today.”
Amanda looked at Lindsay’s insane and livid face and asked, “Do you love Stanford that much?”
Lindsay was stunned for a moment, “Why do I love him?”
Her thoughts began to wander as she recalled her student days when she was still fat. She was always belittled and laughed at by her classmates. One time, she was surrounded by a few students who were teasing her and calling her names. They were calling her a bighead fish.
She tried to fight back and resist, but those bullies threw mud at her, which dirtied her hair and face.
It was Stanford who happened to pass by shunned those bullies and handed her a tissue.
He was a very handsome man, and the moment she met him, she was lost in her thoughts. Her face blushed, but due to the mud, nobody discovered her feelings for him. Even she was at a loss as to how to interpret that fleeting sensation.
It was also at the same time when she remembered this person who extended a helping hand to her and never belittled her while everyone else was laughing and looking down on her.
From that moment on, she decided that she must be someone who could match him. She began to lose some weight and study hard so that she could be an excellent person.
It was all so that she could be worthy of him.
“I have feelings for him when we were young, and when he extended a helping hand towards me at that time, I fell in love with him. I swore that I would be his wife, and be someone he loves.” All of a sudden, her voice began to escalate, “So, everyone who is in my way has to die! You all have to die!”
Amanda watched her maniacal expression and couldn’t help but feel a little lost and sorrowful in her heart. That man was someone she used to love deeply too.
“He abandoned his wife before. Don’t you think that he’s someone heartless? Yet you still love him?”
“He never loved his ex in the first place. It was just revenge!”
“Someone who could lay low for several years just to get his revenge, someone who is so dense and scheming and unscrupulous, do you really think he’s worthy to be loved?”
Lindsay turned to look at Amanda and her eyes narrowed, “How do you know about his ex-wife’s existence?”
“Is that a secret?” Amanda asked in response.
It was never a secret, the marriage between Stanford and Amanda.
It was just that things had passed for such a long time that nobody was bringing it up anymore.
Lindsay snorted coldly, “You are trying to change the topic, I see. Are you trying to make me release you?”
“Of course, I do want to live on.” She was scared of death since she was still so young. If she really died, her parents’ hearts would be broken.
Lindsay began to laugh, “You’re pretty honest. If you weren’t eyeing Stanford and making a fool out of me in front of him, I wouldn’t have decided to be ruthless towards you. You have only yourself to blame for not knowing how to read the situation. I originally just wanted to let you see the outcome of any woman who dares to stick herself to him, but you managed to anger me!”
At that time, she had two purposes when she punished that woman who was in a scandal with Stanford. One, she wouldn’t allow any woman to get close to the man she loved, and two, she wanted to use that chance to give Simona a warning, so that she would give up on her own. 
However, not only did she not get the hint, she even went to Stanford to complain about her, which caused him to resent her.
This was something she could never endure!
“I didn’t plan to do anything to you, seeing that you are dealing with J&Y Group, but you happened to dig your own grave. What other choice do I have?”
“You can let me go. I won’t compete with you…”
“Too late!” Lindsay dragged her towards that ruins and added, “Things have developed to the point that I can’t let you go back alive anymore. I can’t let you have the chance to get back at me and to top it off you now know my secret. Do you think it makes sense to let you live?”
When they reached the ruins, Lindsay pushed Amanda hard into a sprawling area of dark charcoal. The cement walls were painted black too.
Amanda lost her bearing and crashed down as her feet tangled upon something.
Lindsay took out some diesel oil from the bushes and poured it all over her.
Then, she took out a lighter.
“Lindsay, let me ask you, do Stanford know that you have killed his ex-wife?”
She was asking this purposely.
This was because someone was recording everything that was happening here so that it could become a piece of evidence that proved Lindsay’s murderous act.
Lindsay smiled, “Seeing that you are about to die, I will be generous and disclose to you. Of course, he never knows about anything. That bitch will always pester him and confuse his feelings. Since this is something he can’t bring himself to do, I will do it in his stead.”
After saying that, she tossed the lighter, but at this moment, a huge amount of people rushed out from the dark. They were all dressed like a policeman, and they had surrounded this place. They extinguished the fire that was about to spread.
Lindsay widened her eyes in disbelief. Why were the police here?
What was going on?
#####Chapter 901 Will You be Guilty
Lindsay quickly came to realize what had happened, staring at Amanda, “You?”
But she felt something was wrong again. Her identity was the representative of RM Group and she had been abroad for a long time. And she only came back for the case this time.
They didn't know each other before.
How could Amanda know that she would want to kill Amanda and set her up?
At this moment, a police officer walked up to Lindsay, “We suspect that you are involved in two deliberate homicides. Please come with us.”
“No, I didn’t do anything, I don't know what you are talking about.” Lindsay tried to deny it.
“Please come with me for investigation.” The police officer did not try to persuade her and just his subordinates take her away instead.
Lindsay took out the phone and wanted to dial for help. The officer reached out and took her cell phone.
“Now that you are a criminal suspect. Please be obedient. Obstructing official duties and refusing legal investigation is also a crime.” The police officer said coldly and looked at Amanda. She had removed the rope with the aid of police officers. And she was given a coat to put on.
Amanda didn't care about the dirty look and the smell of gasoline in her hair. These people weren’t under her command, and she didn’t know what would they do too. She let Lindsay kidnap her because she knew someone was there to back Lindsay up.
The reason why the one who helped Lindsay didn't show up was because of her dignity.
The one used to be persistent on this thing. Now that he or she had suffered such a heavy loss, he or she was ashamed to face anyone. That’s the reason why that person hid behind.
Amanda wasn’t sure about it before, but at the moment, Amanda knew she was right.
She took a deep breath and looked at Lindsay coldly, with a sniff on her face.
“It's you? Who the hell are you? Why the hell do you frame me?” Lindsay started to panic.
Amanda stepped forward to her, “I framed you? Didn't you intend to kill me? You admitted that you set off the fire here, weren’t you? Don't you remember what you just said?”
Lindsay suddenly roared, “Who the hell are you?!”
It was now obvious that she did all this.
“Now you tell me who I am? I am not the one talking to you a while ago? When did I turn into someone else? It is because of you that I became a wiser and decisive person.” 
She said “thanks” to the police officer who handed her the coat.
“You need to go to the bureau with us to make a transcript,” the police officer said.
“Okay,” Amanda said very cooperatively.
Lindsay was pale, and said in disbelief, “How can you be...”
Before she could finish her words, two police officers escorted her into a police car. Amanda followed the police officer beside her and got into another police car.
The police officer in charge of this case was still collecting evidence at the scene.
Marlon Leonard, hiding in the dark and holding his cell phone in his hand, witnessed the police car going away. He felt lucky for the decision he had made.
How could these police officers show up so timely? Was this a coincidence?
Obviously, it’s not, it’s much like an ambush.
Sure enough, she is the daughter of the Nelson family, with a strong background.
He picked up his cell phone and turned to leave. The deal Amanda made with him that day was that if Lindsay wanted to harm her, they would do their best to record what Lindsay would do as evidence.
Of course, Amanda had to be the bait in this plan.
At the moment, Marlon’s men just kidnapped Amanda and left and they didn’t harm anyone. They just wanted to plan for the future, just in case that they would be implicated.
This was what he had agreed with Amanda.
He wanted to get out of this mess. Amanda wanted to revenge on Lindsay. They both had their own plans. That’s why they reached cooperation.
For the moment, he only needed to give Amanda what he recorded, then he had accomplished half of what he had promised Amanda.
He got in the car and left.
When he drove to the city, he parked the car by the street not far away from the police department. Amanda just went to be interviewed, and she should be out soon.
He lowered the car window, put one arm on the car window, took out a cigarette, put it in his mouth and lit it.
He blew out a mouthful of white smoke, which blurred his expression.
After a while, he saw Amanda coming out of the police department. He got out of the car and walked over, “Ms. Nelson.”
Amanda walked over and she was a little surprised to see him. She didn't expect him to wait for her at the police department, “Why are you here?”
He glanced up and down at Amanda, “Would you like to go home and change clothes first before we talk about our deal?”
Amanda said, “Then please take me to the hotel.”
“Let's go then.” Marlon walked towards the car and helped her open the rear door. Amanda bent over and sat in.
Sitting in the car, Marlon started the car and said, “This will not involve my men, will it?”
After all, his men participated in the fire.
“I'm not going back on my word. We had made it clear from the beginning, right?” Amanda looked at him, “Do you want you and your men to do this kind of thing all the time?”
This is not a long-term job. Even if she didn’t blame them for that, what would happen in the future?
If you play with fire, you will eventually get burned. 
“For the sake of your men, please find a decent job for them. This is illegal after all,” Amanda suggested.
Marlon certainly understood that this wouldn’t last long and wasn’t safe. His men had been struggling on the streets from an earlier age. They had no diplomas and no jobs. It was not easy for those people to go to work.
“I only plan for tomorrow,” Marlon said lightly.
Amanda did not continue to suggest or change anything since it is none of her business. It’s just that she felt sorry for those men who are loyal to Marlon. But if Marlon really cares about his men, he should have found a decent job for them instead of doing those illegal things.
“Judging from what happened today, Ms. Nelson, you can send her into jail even if you don't cooperate with me. So why would you come to me?” Marlon asked.
Amanda turned to look out of the car window, “Can I skip your question?”
After all, she couldn't completely rely on herself.
She knew that this was for her safety, leaving her here alone should be the greatest indulgence to her.
The car stopped at the hotel. When Amanda was getting out of the car, Marlon asked, “Am I waiting for you in the car?”
“Come up with me.”
Amanda left the car.
Marlon looked at her, “You trust me so much?”
“If I don’t trust you, how will I cooperate with you?” Amanda said.
Marlon glanced at her. This elegant lady didn't seem to be so arrogant.
Entering the hotel, Amanda entered the elevator. And Marlon followed up. Soon the elevator reached the floor. She stepped down the elevator and walked towards the room.
The door required a password. She entered the door code, and the door beeped with an unlocking sound. She twisted the handle and pushed the door open, “Come in.”
Marlon followed in.
Amanda pointed to the computer, “Transfer the video you took and put them on the USB flash drive next to it.”
“What then?” Marlon asked.
“Help me give it to Stanford James.” Amanda said with no expression.
She was expecting something within her mind. What would Stanford look like when he knew Lindsay was the murderer?
Knowing that ‘Amanda Nelson’ was deliberately killed, will he be guilty and regretful?
“Is this the last thing you asked me to do for you?” Marlon asked.
#####Chapter 902 I Know How Your Ex-Wife Died
Amanda replied, “Yes!”
Marlon raised his eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
He thought Amanda would at least require him to clarify what happened to Stanford.
“I am sure.” Amanda handed over the pen on the desk. “Write me your bank account number and I will transfer you the money.”
Marlon looked at her, “I'm already very grateful that you didn’t blame me for what happened today. I won't accept the money. We are even.”
Marlon turned on the computer, lowered his head and stopped talking.
Amanda didn't force him. She turned around and walked towards the bedroom.
Marlon copied the file but didn't leave immediately. He sat on the sofa and waited for Amanda.
About an hour later, Amanda washed herself clean. She was wearing casual home clothes and her hair was still wet. She wiped her hair and walked out. Seeing Marlon still there, she asked, “Why haven't you left?”
Marlon stood up, “I'm thinking maybe you forget to order me to do something. So, I'm waiting for you here.”
He felt that this woman, even after surviving from a life-and-death accident, is still kind. She must have been even more innocent before.
Amanda poured a glass of water and asked him, “Do you want some water?”
Marlon said no.
She took a sip of warm water and said, “Nah, I got no job for you.” Then she turned to look at Marlon, “I hope we won't cooperate in the future.”
They didn’t live in the same world at all.
Marlon understood what she meant, “Okay, then. Ms. Nelson, take care and farewell.”
After speaking he walked towards the door.
Amanda stood still at the table, leaning slowly against the table and holding the cup with warm water in her hand. She could feel the warmth through the cup body. She blinked her eyes, “It will be so kind only if the human mind can be warmed up easily like this.”
Soon she calmed down and put the cup down.
Marlon walked out of the hotel and glanced back.
In fact, he himself didn't know what he was looking at.
He walked to the car parked on the side of the road and unlocked the car. Without any hesitation, he started the car and drove towards the J&Y Group.
After about half an hour, the car stopped in front of the J&Y Group building. He walked in with the task assigned to him by Amanda.
The receptionist smiled with no sense of pleasure, “We can't let you go up if you don’t have the appointment.”
“I'm looking for Mr. James for an emergency. Please tell him.” Marlon said.
“I'm sorry. But there are tons of people who want to see Mr. James every day. If I call and ask him every time, then Mr. James won't have time to work.” The receptionlist is a bit alienate, but this is her job.
“I have something for him. And I will just say a few words...”
At this moment the elevator door slid open and Stanford was about to set off because he had gotten the news that Lindsay was taken.
“Mr. James.” Marlon glanced at the receptionist and walked quickly to stop him.
Stanford paused.
“Who are you? J&Y Group is not a public place. Leave here right now, or I will call the security guard!” Atwood Barret stepped forward and stood between Stanford and Marlon.
“I just have a few words to tell Mr. James...”
Atwood interrupted him, “Mr. James is very busy and has no time to listen to your nonsense, security...”
“I'm here to tell Mr. James about the truth of his ex-wife's death!” Marlon exclaimed.
There was even an echo in the hall.
Atwood's expression changed, “What, what did you say?”
After speaking, he turned around and waiting for orders from Stanford. Stanford stood straight, but his hands hanging beside him curled into a fist.
His voice was low, “What did you say?”
Marlon said word by word, “I know how your ex-wife got killed.”
#####Chapter 903 He didn't Believe it is a Coincidence
Atwood was also shocked by Marlon’s words. Didn't Amanda commit suicide?
“Mr. James...”
“Follow me.”
Atwood just wanted to say that this man might be talking nonsense but was interrupted by Stanford. He stepped back to the elevator. Marlon glanced at Atwood Barret and quickly followed Stanford into the elevator.
Atwood finally followed. He also wanted to know what happened.
The elevator door closed and Atwood asked, “Who are you?”
How can he know about Amanda? And how did he know that Amanda did not suicide?
Who is he? What is his purpose?
Why did he suddenly show up here?
Marlon looked at him, “Ms. Leroy and I are friends. No, we are partners to be exact. Lindsay and you work in the same company. You should know each other?”
Atwood squinted. “You are Lindsay’s partner?”
He had a bad feeling. Lindsay suddenly is taken in by the police for being involved in the murder. And now she has been detained. He and Stanford have just known it, but they still didn't know what happened. At the moment, they were planning to go to the police department to find out the situation.
However, this man came to the J&Y Group. this man not only knew about Lindsay but also had a connection with Amanda.
Well...something must be wrong…
The elevator stopped and Stanford stepped down.
He was feeling the same as Atwood.
What inside story did this man know?
What role did he play in this incident? Did what happened one year ago have anything to do with Lindsay?
His expression became more and more nervous. He pushed the office door open, “Atwood Barret, leave us here.”
Atwood stood at the door and stopped. He also wanted to know what happened. But seeing the attitude of Stanford now Atwood knew that he might not want to face too many people at the moment. He stood outside the door and closed it.
“Go ahead.” Stanford turned around and looked at Marlon.
Marlon took out the USB flash drive from his pocket, “Before I say anything, I want Mr. James to see something.”
He handed the flash drive over. He didn’t touch any device here since this is not his place.
Stanford didn't take it. He was guessing and wondering. What’s in the flash drive might be related to what he had just said.
It’s just…
He wanted to know the truth, but at the same time, he was scared.
“What is in it?”
“Just check it out,” Marlon said.
Stanford was stunned, but still grabbed the flash drive and walked to the desk. He then connected the USB flash drive into the port and clicked it open.
Soon, a video appeared on the computer screen.
Seeing the video clip presented, Stanford raised his eyebrows lightly. He thought it had something to do with Amanda. But it turned out to be Lindsay Leroy and Simona Flores.
He raised his head and looked at Marlon.
“Mr. James, don't worry. Watch it first. And I will answer you any question if you don't understand.” Marlon pointed to the chair at the table, “Can I sit down?”
“Uh-huh…” Stanford looked back to the screen.
The video showed Amanda being dropped from the car. Marlon didn't record the others in the car. Because the other people in the car were his men, he deliberately skipped them. This was also approved by Amanda in advance.
So that they would not get involved in the case.
Soon Stanford saw the ruins on the screen. The ruins were the place where Amanda committed suicide.
He also went to the scene afterwards.
At this time, Lindsay's voice came out, “Do you know why this place was burned down like this?”
Stanford’s expression became nervous.
He stared straight into the screen.
“Once there was a woman but she seduced my man. So, I set her on fire.”
Hearing these words, he fell and sat down.
He clasped his hand on the armrest tightly, and his face turned pale.
She, she did not commit suicide?
It's Lindsay.
At this time, Marlon said, “One year ago, this woman named Lindsay Leroy gave me half a million and asked me to give her two of my men. I knew afterwards that she used my men to kill people and she killed your ex-wife. And just now, she gave me one million to kill someone else. She asked me to kill the other woman you just see in the video. I don’t know if she loves you so much that she can do anything? Or is she just pure madness? She tries to torture and kills any woman that gets close to you. I don’t know if Mr. James has realized this?”
Stanford suddenly looked up, with tears in his eyes, “You have taken her money, haven’t you?”
Marlon smiled. “Yes, but she killed my men too.”
He deliberately indicated that it was Lindsay who killed that two men.
In fact, Amanda felt that he would not betray herself. Because he was afraid of her background and the powers behind her. Actually, Marlon was helping her with his heart. Although they didn’t quite know each other, he knew that it’s because she loved the wrong person that she suffered so much. But even after all these happened, she still insisted on her kindness.
He appreciates this.
After a while, the video in the flash drive has been played.
Stanford already knew the ins and outs of this incident.
Lindsay Leroy wanted to kill Simona Flores the same way she killed Amanda Nelson.
More or less…
He remembered the last name of Amanda Nelson's mother is Flores.
Were these clues relevant?
This happened so sudden.
This made him feel that there’s something much dirtier.
Simona Flores?
Amanda Nelson?
He used the interphone and order the secretary desk, “Send me Atwood Barret.”
Marlon looked at him, “Mr. James, I have done what I should do. Do you have anything else to ask?”
Stanford put the phone down, “Who send you here?”
“My conscience is overwhelming, and I don't want to see her repeatedly harm people, so I called the police,” Marlon replied calmly.
Although he was only a street gangster, he was the most courageous of all. Otherwise, his subordinates would not follow him so reluctantly.
Facing the questioning expression of Stanford, he wasn’t panic.
“Really?” Stanford didn't believe he would suddenly reclaim his conscience.
If the conscience was really reclaimed, why would it be this moment?
Simona Flores had just come back. And yet so many things had happened recently. He would not believe that these are just coincidences.
At this time, however, Atwood knocked on the door.
“Came in.”
#####Chapter 904 Your Mind is Blind by Lard
Atwood opened the door and walked in.
Marlon stood up, “It seems that Mr. James didn't want to ask me anything. Then I'll leave.”
Stanford didn't say anything, and Marlon took it as approval.
After Marlon went out, Atwood asked, “What did he say?”
“What’s the result of what I asked you to check?” Stanford James skipped the question. Now he wants to know whether Simona Flores is related to her.
Atwood shook his head, “The information I found is basically the same as her resume.”
Nothing else can be found.
“The same?” Stanford obviously didn't believe it. He narrowed his eyes. “You and I will go to the police department.”
With his eyes looking down, Atwood did not ask any more, and said yes.
They left the company. While Atwood was driving, he kept looking at Stanford in the rearview mirror, wondering what would the man told him in the office.
Amanda really did not commit suicide?
So how did she die?
“Mr. James, who is that man?” Atwood asked.
Stanford’s expression was cold, and his eyes were filled with unnoticeable great anger.
He slowly raised his head, “Do you think she will commit suicide?”
Atwood didn't grasp the meaning of his words for an instant, but he quickly realized what Stanford was referring to.
For so long, this has always been a taboo, and no one dared to mention it to him.
But at the moment, he mentioned it because of that man?
He thought for a while, “I don't know.”
He really didn’t know.
“I used to think that it was because of me. I hurt her so much...”
Speaking of this, his voice got choked, “Atwood Barret, I regret it.”
Atwood pursed his lips. He knew that, and he knew all his pain this year.
Once something is done, it cannot be remedied.
He also had said that it is better to let it go.
But at that time, he didn’t value anything.
All he had ever wanted is revenge.
At the moment, he had everything, but he wasn’t happy anymore.
There was no smile on his face again.
There is no regret drug in the world.
“It's over. Just let go.” Atwood comforted.
He can only think of such a sentence. What’s done is done and there’s no way back.
The car stopped in front of the police department.
Atwood got out of the car and open the car door for him. But when he walked to the car door, Stanford had already pushed the car door open, and his weakness in the car was gone. He looked very indifferent at the moment.
Atwood said, “I called before.”
He left a faint hum, “Let's go.”
Atwood walked beside him and stepped in.
Atwood had used his connection in advance, so they didn’t need a lot of tedious procedures. And a meeting had been arranged soon.
In the interview room of the police department, there was no one in the room but the officers guarding the door, and Lindsay Leroy in handcuffs.
Seeing Stanford come to visit her, her eyes were red with excitement.
“Stanford...”
Stanford sat in the chair indifferently.
She wanted to come over, but was stopped by Atwood, “Sit down and talk.”
Lindsay looked at Stanford, “You have to trust me. I didn't kill anyone. I was framed by Simona. She wanted to harm me. You must bail me...”
“Lindsay Leroy!” Stanford interrupted her sharply.
If he hadn't watched the video, he might believe her at the moment, but he had watched it and saw the hideous and vicious look she had ever shown to him.
Lindsay froze for a moment. “Stanford…”
“Will the police detain you for nothing?” Stanford's voice was gloomy, “You tell me, did you kill Amanda?”
Lindsay's eyes popped open suddenly.
Atwood looked at Stanford incredulously at the same time. Amanda was killed by Lindsay?
“Did you... Did you listen to what Simona said?” Lindsay clenched her hand, thinking how to deny this in her mind. She would never admit it, “She is jealous of me and wants to frame me because I have been with you for so long.”
“She is jealous of you?” Stanford sneered. “Why would she be jealous of you?”
“She...” Lindsay was a little flustered, “She might love you...”
“So, you want to kill her?” Stanford James stared at her with no expression, “I'll ask you one last time, Amanda, have you killed her!”
“I haven’t……”
Suddenly Stanford grabbed her by the collar and almost lifted her feet off the ground across the table. Stanford’s face was cold and his eyes turned red. “Why didn't I find you so vicious before?!”
The neckline was so tight that she could barely breathe. Her face flushed, but she still refused to admit it, “I didn't kill her!”
She is so stiff!
Stanford threw her away!
Lindsay fell and knocked over the chair behind her. The sound was so loud that the police officers guarding the door pushed the door open, “What's going on...”
Atwood walked over hurriedly, smiling, “It's nothing.”
“The suspect must be untouched.” The police officer took a look into the room. She hasn't been tried yet, and she can't die for no reason.
“I know. Don't worry. We won't make it difficult for you.” Atwood walked out and closed the door, and said to the police officer, “Mr. James is just asking her something. He’s just angry but he won’t hurt your suspect.”
In the room, Stanford walked up to Lindsay. He squatted down. Lindsay clenched her fist. The pain of her body did not make her flinch. Instead, she tried to confuse him, “Stanford, she is your enemy. She is dead. Her death just paid off for your mother. She should be dead. What happens to you? How can house love be an enemy of your family? Don’t you fear that your mother cursing you in another world?”
“Shut the fuck up!” Stanford was so angry that he squeezed her chin with all his strength, “Lindsay Leroy. One who murders pays the forfeit with his life. And you have to die!”
Hearing the word “death”, Lindsay was finally scared. As long as she mentioned his mother before, he would lose his reason and be influenced by her words.
This time, it seemed that he could not be touched.
Is he really angry?
Angry for Amanda?
“She's dead!” Lindsay was in agony, and her heart was about to be torn apart. “I love you so much and I have done anything for you. Why can't you see my effort? Why do you only care about that woman who killed your mother? Were your mind blinded by lard?”
“Yes, my mind is blinded with lard! I have been regretted it for so many years. Now I don't want anything, and I just want her by my side!”
He missed her like crazy, wanted her to stay by his side. He even dreamed about holding her in his arms and just telling them how much he loves her.
Her smile was so gentle.
But he could never see it anymore. That smile was lost forever.
“Lindsay Leroy, I will definitely kill you!” He stood up after speaking.
Lindsay panicked and grabbed his jeans. “Stanford, she is your enemy...”
Before she could finish her words, she was kicked away by Stanford. He walked towards the door without looking back. Now he didn't want to hear anything from Lindsay’s mouth.
The door opened. Atwood saw him come out and said, “Mr. James.”
He said blankly, “Let's go.”
Atwood nodded and glanced into the room. At this moment Lindsay was lying on the ground and shouting at the door, “Stanford James!”
#####Chapter 905 He will Definitely Fall in Love with Our Daughter
Atwood sighed and followed Stanford away.
Lindsay was not reconciled. She loved him so hard and devoted herself to him. But now she ended up like this. She was not reconciled!
“Stanford James, don’t you even have any feeling for me? Even a little bit of touching? If so, I would die willingly.”
Stanford stopped, turned around to look at her, and said with certainty, “I have never loved you, not even the smallest little bit.”
He really didn’t think there’s any feeling between them.
Lindsay clenched her hands into fists and smashed them to the ground, “Impossible! Impossible! You must have loved me before!”
Stanford ignored her, walked out of the room without looking back.
“Stanford James!”
Lindsay's unwilling voice still sound behind him, “I love you. I love you. I can die for you. Why are you so cruel? Why do you treat me like this?”
Stanford turned around and walked two steps towards her, “You said you can die for me? Then you may just die. Please go to hell and go to heaven. I afraid that you might disturb my wife.”
Lindsay was completely stunned.
He… He told her to die, right?
“What? Don't you want to die for me?” Stanford sneered. “Or you are just saying?”
Lindsay’s lips were trembling, “I don’t want to leave the world you live in.”
“Oh. If you can die now, maybe I can still remember your face.”
Die? This word is easy to say, but how many people can really make up their minds?
It’s easy to talk about death. But she felt terrified when she thought about ending her life and never seeing this world again.
“Stanford...”
Stanford made a very cold voice from his throat, “Lindsay Leroy, your love is nothing but your own opinion.”
“No.” Lindsay shook her head. She knew that she loved him, “Death… But if I die, I will never see you again...”
“But when you die, I will remember you. I will never love you while you are alive. Don't you love me very much? Don't you want me to remember you?” Stanford's almost ruthless voice made Lindsay horrified, “Please, will you save me?”
Stanford seemed to have heard some big joke, and left two words coldly, “No! Never!”
“Atwood Barret.” Stanford turned around. “I want her to die!”
Atwood bowed his head hurriedly and said, “Maybe she was...”
Stanford looked over with a sullen look, and Atwood shut up immediately, “I see.”
Lindsay thought he came here to save her, but she didn't expect that his arrival brought her one step closer to death.
She couldn't figure it out. She couldn't understand it. How could Stanford know?
Is it Simona?
Who is the one who exposed her?
Could it be...Amanda?
No, she would not believe it.
She obviously died in that fire.
She was impossible to be alive.
Impossible!
She didn't want to believe that Amanda might still be alive!
That was the person she hated the most. She was the one who took away the one she loved.
Walking out of the police department, Atwood looked at Stanford, “You really believe that Lindsay Leroy killed Amanda? You believe the words of that man after he comes to your office?”
Stanford did not answer but said, “Give me the keys to the car.”
Atwood worried, “Where are you going, I'll take you there.”
His mood was down. Atwood was worried about him.
“Give it to me!” Stanford suddenly went mad, and then he realized that he shouldn't be mad at Atwood, “I'm in a bad mood.”
Atwood handed him the car key, “If you didn’t feel well, can I have a drink with you?”
Stanford looked up at him.
Atwood said, “You are alone. It is better to let me accompany you. I know there is a nice bar. It’s very quiet, and we will not be disturbed.”
“I want to be alone.” He pressed the unlock button and got into the car.
Soon the car drove out.
Atwood sighed, feeling that what happened today was so sudden that there were many things he couldn’t understand.
Lindsay was detained on suspicion of homicide. How could a murder that happened a year ago be revealed? What's more, the police also got all evidence of the case and detained her?
He decided to figure out the truth of the case. He walked to the side of the road and took a taxi.
In the hotel.
Amanda received a message from Joshua Lennon.
“Concerning the things, you asked me to investigate, I have the results.”
She immediately replied, “Did Abbott have a girlfriend before marriage? Who is she? Where is she now?”
She waited for a reply with excitement, but after a long time, there was no reply.
She couldn't help but add, “Why don't you speak?”
“Abbott has a family now. Why do you want to investigate whether he has a girlfriend before or not? Aren't you afraid that his family will break up because of old history?”
This was a real question.
If Casimir really had a connection with Abbott, then it must have something to do with love.
She really didn’t think that much.
“Then did you find anything?” she asked.
She still wanted to know, even if she didn't tell Casimir for the time being.
“Why don't you ask him yourself?”
“What do you mean?”
“You know it in your mind in fact. How can such an important thing be concealed? Not to mention on one tell off the secret. That's because we all care about your feeling. We are afraid that you feel like you can’t face us. But sooner or later you have to face the fact. Is it possible to hide from the truth for a lifetime?”
Amanda knew that. She had been suspecting someone was helping her since she successfully entered the RM Group. Everything she wanted to do was going so smoothly.
How could she not feel anything?
It's just that she deliberately ignored the fact and didn't want to admit it.
Then another message came in, “Dad has been washing feet for mon for a year. But he hasn't been forgiven yet. Now mom didn’t talk to him much just because he once said that Stanford would fall in love with you.”
The identity of Stanford was not a secret at the time. Both Matthew Nelson and Dolores Flores knew that, so they did not agree with their marriage. They also knew that Amanda loved Stanford.
At that time, Amanda had a stubborn attitude, and completely ignored the opinions of his family. His attitude almost made his family kick his ass.
But no one really dared to beat him.
After entangling for a long time, it was Matthew Nelson who said to Dolores Flores, “He will definitely fall in love with our daughter.”
With quite confidence.
He was very sure of his daughter.
As a result, he miscalculated.
Amanda almost got killed because of this.
Dolores hasn't talked to him ever since because of this.
Amanda slumped on the sofa and replied, “Did you go to visit them?”
“Uh huh.”
“How’s mum?”
“We all know that what happened that time caused some damage to mum's health, but Dad was taking good care of her. Now you are the one made us worried.”
Amanda looked down.
“Please wait.”
She hasn't finished what she has to do, so she didn't want to see them yet.
She hasn't figured out how to face them yet.
“Okay.” Joshua didn't force her.
Amanda brought up the original topic again.
“Tell me what you found. I won't mess around and cause trouble to Abbott. I just want to know the truth.”
Knock, Knock…
The door was knocked suddenly. She put down the phone, got up and opened the door.
#####Chapter 906: Let Me Help You
Amanda opened the door, only to find Casimir standing there with food and a bottle of Baijiu in his hand.
She looked at him up and down and asked, “What happened to you?”
“Let’s have a drink, shall we?” Casimir bypassed her and walked in.
Amanda closed the door and followed him. Looking at him, she realized that something must be wrong with him.
“Casimir, did anything happen to you?” she asked.
Casimir put down the things in his hands on the table.
Right then, the message tone on Amanda’s phone rang out. Amanda picked it up from the sofa and checked - it was a message from Joshua.
Casimir looked down and took a glance. He asked, “Who are you chatting with?”
Amanda tabbed the message to read. 
“Abbott stays in Room 908. You can ask him yourself.”
Amanda replied to the ellipsis dots, meaning she was speechless.
“In fact, you should know it clearly. Someone was helping you all the time. He hasn’t been exposed to you yet.” Joshua replied.
“Who is it?” Casimir wanted to take a look, poking his head.
Amanda subconsciously hid the phone behind her so he couldn’t read them.
“What’s so confidential? You are even hiding it from me,” Casimir complained. Sitting on the sofa, he said, “I’m quite upset and want you to comfort me. Now I’m more upset.”
Amanda sat down and turned to look at him, “What bothers you?”
Casimir opened the takeout and the Baijiu bottle. He said, “I seemed to meet that man today.”
“Who?” Amanda was quite confused, wondering what he was talking about.
Casimir said irritably, “It’s that man.”
Amanda was speechless.
Still, she didn’t know whom he was referring to.
She blinked, “I’ll drink with you.”
Casimir looked at her. After a pause, he added, “That man, who seemed to be my biological father.”
Amanda widened her eyes, “Have you seen him?”
Casimir nodded, “Yeah. That man looked like him.”
“Where did you see him?” Amanda asked gingerly.
“Outside the hotel,” said Casimir.
Amanda inhaled.
Right then, Abbott was staying in the same hotel and his room was quite close to hers.
“Well... Casimir,” Amanda thought for a while and said, “If your appearance would bother his family, will you still want to meet him?”
“I don’t know.” He truly hadn’t thought about that yet.
He always wanted to find his biological father and wanted to know who he was.
He hadn’t thought about the details yet.
Also, he hadn’t thought about if he would tell the man about his identity.
“You know. I actually felt quite contradictory. I probably hate him a bit, but I want to know who he is and what kind of man he is. After all, he’s my father.”
Amanda never experienced such a matter, so she couldn’t understand how he felt.
She couldn’t understand what was in his mind.
She picked up the bottle and poured a glass of Baijiu for herself and another glass for him. Raising the glass, she clinked it with his, “Just stop thinking about it.”
Casimir looked at her, “Why don’t you comfort me?”
“I don’t know how,” said Amanda frankly, “I’ve grown up in a happy family, so I can’t understand what you’re feeling now.”
“Can you just stop stimulating me?” Casimir rolled his eyes at her.
Amanda threw up her hands, “I can’t. I just can’t understand your feeling.”
“Can’t we just chat happily?” Casimir stood up immediately.
He was in an extremely bad mood now, so he didn’t want to be stimulated at all.
In a hurry, Amanda pulled him and heaved a sigh, “I know. My bad. I’ll comfort you.”
Casimir looked at her, “For real?”
“Yeah. I’ll do whatever you want me to.”
“Give me a hug, will you?”
Amanda was silent.
“Well... You look so pitiful. I can sacrifice,” she said.
Casimir blinked, “Do you also think I’m pitiful?”
Amanda stood up and hugged him, “A child without a father is truly pitiful.”
“Should I hate him?” asked Casimir.
Amanda didn’t answer.
She realized that no matter what she said, Casimir would be stimulated.
“Uh... Let’s drink.” Amanda pulled to sit on the sofa.
She gave him the glass and said, “Let’s drink! A drunk solution would erase your worries!”
Casimir took the glass over, raised his head, and gulped it down.
Amanda continued pouring it for him.
Casimir didn’t eat much food that he had bought. He kept drinking Baijiu. Since Baijiu was quite spicy, Amanda had some food.
More than half of the bottle was done by Casimir.
Amanda wanted to stop him, but looking at his expression, she gave up.
In the end, Casimir got drunk. Amanda helped him to lie down on the sofa, looked at him, and said, “Let me help you.”
She stood up, cleaned up the table, and found a blanket to cover him.
Casimir had a strong migraine. He said dizzily, “Can I stay here overnight?”
Amanda said yes.
“Are you thirsty?” she asked. Usually, the drunk always felt thirsty.
He hummed slightly.
Amanda got him a glass of water.
She helped Casimir sit up and give him the water.
He took over the glass and gulped down, finishing the water soon.
Amanda took the glass from him and put it on the table.
She helped him lie down again, “You’ll feel much better after waking up.”
Casimir was silent. He turned around and fell asleep.
Amanda sat next to him for a moment. Seeing that he was sleeping soundly, she stood up and tiptoed out of the room.
She closed the door gently behind her. Then she walked into the elevator and pressed the button to the ninth floor.
Soon, the elevator stopped. She walked out and found Room 908 smoothly.
Standing at the door, she took a deep breath, raised her hand, and knocked.
#####Chapter 907: The Truth
It wasn’t long before the door was opened, but Amanda was extremely nervous because she was going to meet an elder.
Abbott also had watched her grow up.
One year was neither long nor short, but so many things had happened. Amanda also had changed a lot. She realized that there was a dark side to this world.
After a short while, the door was opened.
Abbott, in a suit, looked the same as he was when he was young. His face had the trace of the years. When seeing Amanda, he wasn’t surprised at all.
He moved aside and said, “Come in, please.”
Amanda pressed her lips and greeted him in a low voice, “Hi, Abbott.”
He hummed.
She entered his room.
The room was exactly the same as her, just on a different story.
“Well...”
“If you want to ask anything, please go ahead.” Abbott was quite straightforward. Looking at her, he slightly heaved a sigh, “Girl, you’ve worried us so much. An old man’s sayings are seldom untrue, but you didn’t listen...”
Amanda lowered her head slightly.
She knew he would scold her when they met.
“Abbott,” she looked up at him with a smile and said, “Can’t we just stop talking about things in the past, OK?”
Abbott sat down, “Have you made up your mind? I can resolve the issues here for you. You can go back...”
“No, Abbott,” Amanda interrupted him, “I’ve made the mistake, Why should I leave you to resolve the issues for me? I’m a grownup now. I can resolve them on my own.”
Abbott stared at her expressionlessly for a few seconds.
Under his gaze, Amanda was a bit uneasy.
“Yes, Abbott?”
Abbott stood up and took out a USB drive from the cabinet with the lock. He walked over and gave it to her.
Amanda reached out and took it. She asked, “What’s this?”
“Take a look at yourself.” Abbott pushed the laptop in front of her.
She was confused. Inserting the USB drive into the laptop, she opened the file.
Soon, Amanda saw the video clip. She widened her eyes.
“Isn’t this...”
In the video, she saw the scene when Lindsay kidnapped her from the villa.
“Why did you have it?” asked Amanda.
“After knowing something happened to you, we were a bit late when rushing over. Fortunately, you were rescued and you asked someone to change the dead’s DNA report to fake death. However, the person you asked didn’t have any background or network. He couldn’t do it for you at all.”
Indeed, Amanda also knew that Casimir couldn’t cover the whole incident without any trace so that he could deceive Stanford.
She didn’t realize it until later.
“By the way, I heard a man and a woman were killed in the fire. What happened, Abbott?”
“The two men who kidnapped you were said to be a man and a woman instead. One of them was used to cover your identity.” As Abbott spoke, he still could recall how terrible Matthew looked at that time. He had been working for Matthew for almost all his life and had seen Matthew’s different sides.
However, that was the only time when Matthew wanted to kill someone without any care.
As for the fire, it was because Matthew also wanted them to experience being burned.
“We didn’t do anything to that woman also because of you.” Abbott took a sip of the water.
After the incident happened to Amanda, they had done a lot of things. They covered the truth that she hadn’t died, found out the evidence that she was set up, contacted the hospital for her, and helped her enter RM Group.
They had known who Stanford was quite a long time ago, and they warned Amanda several times. However, their conversations always ended quite unhappily. Amanda didn’t want to listen to them, refusing to talk to them.
Later, they realized that she truly loved Stanford so much that she could care about nothing else.
Hence, they stopped trying to convince her.
Matthew had also done a lot of things for her. He left WY Group to Amanda. However, almost all the major businesses had been merged into the other branch company RM Group at that time.
In the end, WY Group was just an empty shell without any core businesses.
Amanda could enter RM Group and work with J&Y Group was because they had arranged for her ahead.
She just didn’t know that Abbott was in charge of RM Group.
Neither did she know that it was a business belonging to the Nelson family.
Abbott said solemnly, “In fact, it’s a good thing. If you’ve never experienced such a thing, how could you know the evil side of human beings? When your parents were young, they had experienced more difficulties than you had. I hope you can become mature after experiencing this matter.”
“Why did you cover the truth that I’m still alive?”
“Wouldn’t it be safer for you if you were known as dead?” asked Abbott.
That was decided by Matthew when he got to know that Amanda intended to cover the truth that she was still alive. He helped her do it.
A lot of people thought that she had died.
Later, when Amanda appeared in this city, no one would want to harm her. She would be safe.
It would be convenient for her to do anything.
“Mr. Nelson thought that Sanford James would fall in love with you. Even if he had hatred, he would probably steal WY Group from your hand. However, we never thought that he had such a woman with evil intentions around him. For this matter, your mother was in a fight with your father because he had agreed on you to marry Stanford James.”
Amanda pressed her lips in silence.
“By the way, do you still remember what happened at the charity banquet?” Abbott looked at her and told her everything, “We found that ring on the scene.”
“Were you also the one who offered the bid?” Amanda reacted quickly.
“Yeah. I just wanted to know if that man who was blind by his hatred would still have a trace of humanity. It seemed he was still a human. However, I robbed a lot of money from him and donated it to people in need.” Abbott leaned against the back of the sofa.
Jasmine was the founder of ‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation.
Due to her family background, she founded ‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation. With Boyce’s help and Matthew’s investment at the early stage, it developed very well.
‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation had a good reputation and helped a lot of people.
The elementary school in which Jasmine used to teach had developed into a talent education school with both political integrity and ability. It had strong teaching resources and influences, helping kids born in ordinary families.
Besides giving birth to two children for Boyce, Jasmine’s greatest success was founding ‘I Have A Dream’ Foundation and fulfilled her dream.
Amanda understood that the revenge that she had thought was based on their help. All she needed was to follow their arrangement and carry on.
Suddenly, she felt a bit frustrated. Since childhood, she was spoiled by so many people. She could get whatever she wanted and was always worry-free. After the incident happened, she wanted to rely on herself for the first time.
However, she made a mistake again - she was still under the protection.
She was quite stubborn and always eager to excel. After this incident happened, she pretended as if nothing had happened.
Abbott had never expected that she would understand everything and come to him so quickly.
If it weren’t for Casimir, Amanda wouldn’t have come to him so soon.
However, she felt so fortunate that she had done it as she got to know everything.
She suddenly recalled her purpose to come here.
Thinking about Casimir, the hammered guy in her room, Amanda didn’t know what to do.
Right then, Abbott already had a family and children.
“Well, Abbott, when will you go home?” asked Amanda.
“I haven’t resolved the issues here yet.” Abbott looked at her, “Why would you care?”
“I’m afraid it might impact your relationship with your wife if you are apart from home for a long time.”
Abbott choked up.
“Why do you care about me so much?” He felt flattered, wondering why Amanda cared about his relationship with his wife.
Amanda put on a wry smile, wondering how she should start.
#####Chapter 908: Pitiful Casimir
She wondered if she should ask Abbott if he used to date another woman before getting married.
It would be a bit abrupt, wouldn’t it?
However, if she wouldn’t ask him, how could she help Casimir ensure if Abbott was his biological father?
Amanda could tell how upset Casimir was.
“Uh... Abbott, when you were young, did you suffer any disappointment in love?”
Abbott stared at her and kept silent for a long time. He could tell that there was an implication in her question.
Otherwise, why would she suddenly ask something about his youth?
“Amanda, why suddenly do you become so interested in my matter?”
“Well...”
She coughed slightly. With a smile, she said, “Nah... I suffered disappointment in my marriage, so I want to ask you about your youth. I’m curious if you were hurt in love before.”
Abbott answered without any hesitation, “Before getting married, I wasn’t serious about my dates. After getting married, I changed.”
Amanda was speechless.
His words were reechoing in her ears.
She guessed that even if Casimir was truly his son, Abbott was fooling around with his mother, wasn’t he?
Suddenly, she felt that Casimir was so pitiful.
“Do you have any date that impressed you the most?” she asked gingerly.
She truly wanted to know it.
Abbott gazed at her, “Amanda, why do I feel you are asking me about my past?”
Amanda couldn’t utter a word.
“Hee hee... I’ve explained. I’m just curious to know if you’ve hurt in love also. Then I’ll feel mentally balanced.”
“Silly girl.” Abbott stood up, “It was normal to fool around when I was young. I was never serious before, so I didn’t suffer any disappointment in love. Besides, I’m too smart.”
Amanda choked up.
She felt extremely sorry for Casimir. What a pitiful boy!
His mother named him Casimir, which had a bad meaning in every aspect. His father didn’t know his existence at all and was fooling around with his mother.
Casimir was just way too unlucky.
Compared with him, Amanda realized that she was so lucky.
Except that she was so blind to fall in love with Stanford, she had never experienced bad things in her life.
“I’ll send a copy of this video clip to Stanford James.” Abbott plugged out the USB drive from the laptop.
Amanda didn’t have any objection. She thought it was a good idea.
Stanford must know something.
Besides...
“Abbott, I want to rely on myself to take the revenge on Stanford James.” Amanda still wanted to rely on herself and make Stanford pay back what he owed her.
“Amanda...”
“Abbott, I’m a grownup now. I’m no longer a three-year-old kid. In the beginning, I made the decision myself, so I must bear the consequences as well. If I always rely on you all, what if you get old one day? In the end, I still need to rely on myself.”
Abbott thought for a while and said, “I need to think about it first.”
Amanda didn’t insist on getting an answer right now. She stood up and said, “Okay. Abbott, good night.”
Abbott said OK. He stood up and said, “Let me send you back.”
“My room is quite close. No, thanks,” said Amanda while walking. Abbott said at the door, “Okay. If you need any help, feel free to call me.”
“Sure.”
However, Amanda still asked hesitantly, “By the way, Abbott, if any of your dates that you fooled around with gave birth to your child, would you recognize the child?”
Abbott was speechless.
He was confused.
“Silly girl, you are so weird. Tell me. What have you known?” Otherwise, why would she insist on asking him about his former dates?
A child?
In the past, he only had the collecting on delivery deals with those women. There should be no such a possibility.
“What can I know? I’m even bothered by my own businesses.” Amanda waved her hand at him, “Okay. I’m taking off now.”
She walked towards the elevator.
She pressed the button to go down. Abbott didn’t close his door while standing at the door, looking at her. She waved at him, “Bye, Abbott.”
Abbott hummed. The door of the elevator closed. Amanda couldn’t remain smiling at all.
She couldn’t believe that Abbott was a playboy when he was young.
Fooling around?
In Amanda’s opinion, that was an excuse for scumbags for being dandies.
The elevator stopped and she walked out.
She walked to her room.
When she pulled the door open and entered, Amanda found that Casimir was lying on the floor.
She rushed over, “Casimir?” she called him.
Casimir groaned as if he felt quite uncomfortable. Amanda couldn’t help him up at all.
“Why is your decorum in drunk so awful?” Amanda couldn’t do anything to him.
“Hmm- Whom do you refer to?” Casimir raised his head while lying prone on the floor.
“Who else? Get up and lie on the sofa.” She helped him
Casimir didn’t move. It seemed he was too weak to move, “Where have you been?”
He was quite uncomfortable. When he wanted to drink, he couldn’t find any water.
He called her but got no response. He wanted to get down but tripped over and fell.
“Get up!” Amanda helped him, “Why did you fall on the floor?”
“I want some water,” Casimir said pitifully.
“Sit still. I’ll get you some water.” Amanda picked up the blanket from the floor and put it on the sofa. She went to get some water for him.
Casimir still had a reddened face, emanating the smell of alcohol.
“Here you go.”
Amanda gave him the water.
He took the glass over and gulped it down.
“Are you sobered up?”
“Yeah. Better.” Casimir put down the glass and turned to look at her solemnly, “Where have you been? You dumped me alone here.”
Amanda scratched her hair, “I wanted to buy some snacks.”
Casimir looked at her and asked, “Where are the snacks?”
“Finished.”
Casimir was speechless.
“You are so heartless.” He felt that he was truly a poor man.
No one took care of him after he got drunk. As his friend, she went to buy the snacks but didn’t get any for him.
“I’ve never found I’m so unlucky in my life.”
Amanda hurriedly comforted him, “I can get you the snacks now. What do you want?”
“No, thanks.” Casimir lady down on the sofa, “I’m sleeping now. Don’t disturb me.”
Amanda didn’t kick him out for the sake of his unlucky life, letting him rest on the sofa.
She walked to her bedroom, took a shower, and went to bed.
The next morning.
The sun was shining gently.
Between the curtains, the sunshine fell into the room.
Casimir got up first. He knocked on Amanda’s door, “Wake up! I need to borrow your bathroom for a shower.”
After getting drunk and sleeping on the sofa, he felt quite uncomfortable without taking a shower.
Amanda was woken up. Realized that Casimir was in her suite, she sobered up and sat up.
A short while later, she sobered up completely. Looking down at her pyjamas, which were quite conservative and decent. She got off the bed and opened the door.
Casimir was standing at the door, “Do me a favour.”
Amanda nodded, “What is it?”
“Lend me your bathroom. I need to take a shower. I feel quite uncomfortable.”
Amanda knew that he didn’t shower or wash his face before sleeping last night. She nodded in agreement. Then she went to the bathroom to put away her dirty clothes and her towels. After putting the clean towels over there, she walked out, “Go ahead,” she said.
Casimir entered it. Amanda sat on the sofa, ordering breakfast on the phone.
When she put down the phone, the doorbell of her room rang out. She walked over to open the door.
She wondered who would it be in such an early morning.
Would it be Abbott?
Thinking of that, she glanced back in the direction of her bathroom.
She wondered what she should do.
Would they bump into each other?
If so, how should she introduce who Casimir was?
Wait...
She recalled that Casimir said he had met Abbott before.
#####Chapter 909: Do You Have Grudges with Him
For a moment, Amanda didn’t know what to do. She wondered how she should make the introduction.
She calmed down and walked over. Opening the door, she found that it wasn’t Abbott who was there. It was Stanford.
“Hi, Ms. Flores. I’ve known what Lindsay has done to harm you. I want to make an apology to you in person.”
Amanda said with a solemn look, “You should apologize to me indeed. After all, I’ve almost been killed because of you.”
After a pause, she continued, “Mr. James, do you expect me to forgive you for just an apology?”
“The law will punish her for the crime she has committed,” said Stanford in a cold tone.
“She works for you...”
“There’s nothing between her and me,” before Amanda finished her words, Stanford interrupted her and explained.
Amanda curled up her lips into a sneer, feeling that this man was truly ruthless. Lindsay was so obsessed with him.
Now he could completely give up on her so heartlessly. Sure enough, he didn’t change at all.
“Ms. Flores, would you like to have...”
“Who’s there?”
Casimir came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapping around his lower abdomen with a nude top. The crystal water beads streamed down his strong pecs. He looked quite masculine.
While drying his wet hair, he walked to the door.
Stanford’s expression changed when he heard a man’s voice in the room. When he saw Casimir with only one towel on his body, his face was darkened completely.
Seeing Stanford, Casimir reached out to hold Amanda. With a smile, he said, “Hi, Mr. James. Why did you come to find my girlfriend so early?”
Amanda wanted to struggle, but Casimir pinched her shoulder tightly and made her still.
“Mr. Bailey, are you Ms. Flores’s boyfriend?” Stanford slowly clenched his hands in secret, “Isn’t Ms. Flores always abroad? How did you guys get to know each other?”
“Before I came back, I was abroad all the time. We’ve known each other quite a long time ago. She came back also because of me. Otherwise, why would she come here alone as she has no family here at all?” Casimir purposely hugged Amanda tightly, “Mr. James, if you want to invite her for breakfast, please make it next time. My girlfriend was pretty tired last night and lacked sleep. I want her to have more rest.”
Amanda was speechless.
Even a fool could tell what he was implying.
Stanford pressed his lips without responding, gazing at Amanda.
“Mr. James, we can make an appointment next time. What do you think?” she said indifferently.
For some reason, Stanford felt quite upset, extremely frustrated. However, he didn’t know why.
He slightly hummed and turned away.
He didn’t want to see Casimir holding Amanda.
After watching him walk into the elevator, Amanda closed the door and pushed Casimir away, “I see you still haven’t sobered up.”
Casimir smiled, “No, I have.”
“What on earth are you doing then?” Amanda looked at him up and down and added, “Please put on your clothes.”
Casimir could tell that she disdained him a lot. He looked down to check on his body - he had fair skin, muscles. Besides, he was quite young. In a modern popular saying, he was a young pretty man.
However, Amanda didn’t look shy or appreciated at all.
He wondered if he was truly that bad.
“Am I ugly?”
“Nah.” Amanda walked to the sofa and sat down with her back towards him.
“Why aren’t you shy?” Casimir believed that any girl would blush and have a racing heart when seeing him.
“I’ve never treated you as a man.” Amanda didn’t look at him, “Hurry up and put on your clothes. Or I’ll kick you out.”
Casimir walked over, “I just want to piss off Stanford James. But it seems it truly works. He looked quite unhappy when leaving. Since he’s unhappy, I’m quite delighted. Haha...”
“Do you have any grudges with him?” Amanda was amused.
Casimir answered seriously, “You have, don’t you? Your enemy is also my enemy.”
#####Chapter 910: It Stinks
For some reason, Amanda felt warm in her heart upon hearing his words.
She believed that Casimir had taken her as his real friend so he could be so considerate when thinking in her shoes.
She couldn’t help but recall her former friends.
Suddenly, she lowered her head and let out a self-mockery laugh.
Casimir didn’t know what went wrong. He noticed that she bent down her head and looked quite depressed, so he thought that she was angry. He asked, “Are you angry?”
“Nope. Why would I be angry?” Amanda looked up at him. Seeing that he was still naked, she looked away, “Hurry up and put on your clothes. The waiter will deliver breakfast later. You don’t look decent...”
Before Amanda finished her words, Casimir interrupted her, “So what? I’m better than those young pretty men on TV. Some superstars only have a good look without any use. When they were naked, probably they only have fat. Look at me. How strong I am!”
Amanda stood up, “Do you want to put on the clothes or not. If not, I’ll go use my bathroom.”
Casimir was speechless.
He wasn’t happy with her attitude.
He wondered if he was truly that ugly.
Looking down at himself, he denied it.
“Could you save your strong body to your future girlfriend?” Amanda pushed him, “Hide your beautiful body, will you?”
Casimir laughed and walked into the bathroom, “You are right. If others fall in love with me when seeing my body, I don’t want to be chased after.”
Amanda choked up.
She thought that Abbott wasn’t so narcissistic.
She couldn’t help doubting if Casimir was truly Abbott’s son.
“By the way, Amanda.” The door was suddenly opened. Casimir poked out his head, “I can’t put on my changed clothes at all. It stinks with the alcohol smell.”
Amanda looked at him in silence.
“What’s your point?” she held her arms across her chest.
“Hee hee... Could you buy the clothes for me please? Also get me a man’s underwear.” Casimir smiled brightly at her.
Amanda picked up the cushion on the sofa and tossed it on him, “You can be naked. I have my clothes. I’ll go out.”
“Aren’t we friends? Please do me a favour!”
“I’m sorry but I can’t!”
Buying him a man’s underwear.
He’d better dream on.
In the end, Casimir still put on the clothes that he took off.
After tidying themselves up, the breakfast was delivered by the hotel.
They pulled to open the curtains, and the room was quite bright. Some fresh air came in. They were having breakfast at the table while chatting.
“Do you have any favourite male stars?” asked Casimir.
Amanda answered, “No, I don’t.”
“You are so boring.”
Amanda didn’t understand why he said so.
“Do you have any favourite female stars?” Amanda asked him.
“Of course.”
“Who is it?”
“I don’t want to tell you.”
Amanda was speechless.
She took a sip of the milk, “I don’t want to know it.”
Casimir smiled. He shared a piece of potato with cheese on his plate with her, “Try this. It’s quite yummy.”
Amanda picked it up and put it in her mouth.
It truly tasted good - the good smell of cheese plus the softness of the potato tasted crispy outside and tender inside after it was baked.
On the other side, Stanford walked out of the hotel. He looked cold. Without having breakfast, he got in the car and drove away.
He drove pretty fast. Since it wasn’t rush hour yet, not so many cars were on the road. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to speed up at all.
As soon as he entered the company, he asked the secretary to inform all the department managers to have a meeting.
It seemed that he could forget the scene that Casimir was holding Simona only if he was busy.
He didn’t know what happened.
In fact, he truly disliked that feeling a lot.
He didn’t like it when he had a different feeling for another woman instead of Amanda.
It made him feel that he had betrayed her.
Although he used to hate her, he never thought that he would fall in love with another woman in the future.
He was in the meetings for the whole morning. Stanford continued assigning tasks, making the busy office tenser at work.
All employees could tell that Stanford wasn’t in a good mood. They dared not to provoke him, just working hard quietly.
No one dared to talk.
The morning passed pretty quickly.
When it was almost lunchtime, a secretary knocked on the door of Stanford’s office with a box in her hand.
Stanford had taken off his suit jacket. He also unbuttoned two buttons on his white shirt, exposing his sexy and slender neck. His necktie was pulled loose, hanging on his neck. He didn’t look as neat as usual. Instead, he looked a bit annoyed.
Upon hearing the knock, he answered in a deep tone, “Come in.”
He didn’t raise his head at all.
Soon, the secretary pushed the door open and walked in. She stopped in front of his desk and said, “Excuse me, Mr. James. The front desk received an express mail when you were having a meeting earlier this morning.”
An express mail?
Stanford looked up.
The secretary gave him the box and said, “Your name is written in the receiver’s column.”
Stanford never bought things online. He wondered who would send him an express mail.
“What’s inside?” he asked.
The secretary shook her head. She didn’t dare to open it, so how would she know?
“I’m not sure. It’s quite light, though.”
“Put it down,” he said flatly.
The secretary put down the box and left the office, closing the door.
Stanford looked down and continued to read the document, but he couldn’t calm down at all. Closing the file, he looked at the box on the table. A moment later, he reached out to take it over, cut the tape by the tip of his pen. He saw a USB drive inside.
A USB drive again?
Last time, Marlon gave one to him. Stanford wondered what was in this one.
#####Chapter 911: Beat Him Up
He took out the USB drive and tossed the box into the trash bin.
After looking at it for a while, he plugged it into the laptop and clicked to open the file. He wanted to see who had sent it to him and what was inside.
He moved his mouse and opened a video clip. Soon, he saw the scene, which was when he left the villa.
Shortly after he had left, two men came in. They said Stanford ordered them and forced Amanda to sign the divorce agreement.
Stanford’s eyes became darkened.
He realized that those two men were found by Lindsay.
His hands clenched into fists violently.
On the screen, Amanda picked up a pen, lowered her head, and signed.
Although he couldn’t see her expression, from the video, he could still feel how desperate she was at that time.
His heart instantly tightened. At that time, he didn’t feel so strong, but after one year, when he looked back at the scene again, he felt the depression and the sharp pang.
It was quite different for him to witness her be taken away than hearing how she was killed.
He could see clearly through the screen and feel her fear, hatred, and despair.
His eyes became reddish. Suddenly, he stood up, waving his arms to smash all things on his desk onto the floor.
Upon hearing the noise, the secretary pushed the door open and came in. Seeing the messy floor, she stiffed in fear and dared not to move a bit.
Stanford had been quite steady always and he seldom did something beyond the imagination. This was the first time that the secretary saw him being so angry.
He snapped in a deep tone, “Get out!”
The secretary immediately walked out and closed the door.
Stanford covered his heart, collapsing on the chair. It seemed there was an emptiness there, causing a sharp pang.
He sat there alone for a long while. Then he picked up the landline, pressed the interline button, and called Atwood over.
Shortly after, Atwood pushed the door open and entered. Seeing the mess in the office, he looked up at Stanford and said, “Mr. James, did you want to see me?”
“Yes, Atwood.”
Stanford looked up at him, “Please help me make an appointment with a man.”
Atwood nodded, “Who would you like to meet?”
“The chief of the police station.”
“Okay, Mr. James,” Atwood hesitated for a while because he knew why Stanford wanted Lindsay to die.
He never expected that Lindsay had caused Amanda’s death.
Marlon told him about it. What Stanford had done was out of Atwood’s expectation.
Hence, after he came out of the police station, Atwood went to find Marlon.
“Mrs. James has passed away. Why don’t you give Lindsay a chance...”
Stanford suddenly looked up at him and snapped in a cold tone, “She has killed her. She’s a murderer. How can I let her go?”
Besides, Lindsay had killed Amanda. If it were someone else, he would consider Atwood’s suggestion.
Unfortunately, she didn’t kill someone else.
“She must die!”
His voice was as cold as the arctic ice without any temperature or compassion.
Atwood looked down a bit, “Okay, Mr. James. I’ll get it done now.”
At four o’clock in the afternoon, Abbott appeared in the police station for Lindsay’s case.
Now there was solid evidence and witnesses. Boyce had recommended the current chief, so he knew the relationship between Abbott and Boyce and was close to Abbott.
“I’ll push the case to be sentenced in one week. For intentional homicide and attempted intentional homicide, she would surely stay in the prison for the rest of her life. I won’t make it too easy for her in the jail.”
Abbott nodded, “Thank you so much for your help.”
“Please don’t mention it.” The chief worked for Boyce, so he knew Boyce’s friends well.
“By the way, Mr. James from J&Y Group wanted to meet me. Lindsay Leroy was working in his company all the time. It seems Mr. James isn’t only her boss. They are pretty close. Since he wants to see me, I’m afraid he wants to save her.”
“Have you agreed?” asked Abbott.
“I haven’t replied to him yet.”
“You can go to see him.” Abbott looked at Blithe Donald, “As long as you don’t agree to save her. Besides, could you tell me about your appointment place, please?”
“Why, Mr. Baron?” Blithe couldn’t quite understand him.
“If he truly wants to ask you to save Lindsay Leroy, I’ll beat him up to death!”
Lindsay aimed to kill Amanda, and Stanford should have known it after watching the video clip. If he still wanted to save Lindsay, Stanford was truly heartless. Hence, in that case, Abbott would vent Amanda’s anger for her.
Blithe instantly understood, “I’ll call you after the appointment place is decided.”
“Okay.”
Abbott left the police station. On the other side, Atwood hadn’t got a response from Blithe, who didn’t say yes or no. Hence, he was afraid that Blithe would refuse to meet Stanford, and he came over in person to invite Blithe.
Seeing Atwood come in, Abbott hid behind a pillar of the lobby in the police station. After Atwood walked in, he walked out and squinted at Atwood’s back.
Atwood didn’t know that someone was gloomily gazing at him from his back right now. For some reason, he felt chilly.
He thought that the police station might be too dignified, so he felt cold.
After Abbott left, Blithe went back to the office. While dealing with his job, a subordinate came to knock on his door.
He reported, “Excuse me, Mr. Donald. Atwood Barret from J&Y Group wants to see you.”
Blithe said, “Please let him in.”
His subordinate informed Atwood immediately, “Mr. Donald is in his office now. You can find him there.”
“Thank you,” said Atwood and entered the office.
“Did you want to see me?” Blithe asked when Atwood came in.
He guessed that Atwood should be here to plead for mercy for Lindsay, but he pretended as if he knew nothing.
#####Chapter 912: A Life for a Life
“Mr. Donald, our Mr. James wants to meet you,” said Atwood.
Blithe said naturally, “Since the CEO of J&Y Group invited me, I should go meet him. Where should I meet him?”
“The box of the top floor, Royal Club. Mr. James will be waiting for you there at seven o’clock,” answered Atwood.
“Okay. Please let Mr. James know I’ll be there.”
“Okay. I’ll go back to inform him now. Thank you so much Mr. Donald. In the future, if you need me to do anything, please feel free to let me know.”
Blithe waved his hand, “No hurry. We can talk about it later.”
Atwood said, “Okay. See you, Mr. Donald.”
Blithe hummed to answer.
Seven o’clock.
On the top floor of Royal Club, in the private box with the best view, Stanford had arrived earlier than planned.
This box was in the innermost of the corridor. It had a huge French window that occupied the whole wall. A dining table was placed next to the window. Sitting at the table, they could see the night view of the whole city.
Blithe arrived right at seven. Atwood was waiting at the door. When seeing Blithe, he walked up to him immediately and greeted him enthusiastically, “Goode evening, Mr. Donald.”
Blithe nodded in response.
“Mr. James is in the box now.”
Atwood showed him in.
Soon, they arrived at the door. Atwood pushed the door of the box open, “This way please, Mr. Donald.”
Blithe entered.
Stanford stood up from the chair. He greeted Blithe, “Good evening, Mr. Donald.”
Blithe walked to him, “Good evening, Mr. James.”
They shook hands. Stanford withdrew his hand and said, “Please have a seat, Mr. Donald.”
Blithe sat down and asked directly, “Mr. James, did you want to see me because of Ms. Leroy’s case?”
Stanford also sat down. Without hiding, he answered, “Yes.”
“Mr. James, what do you want? Or what would you like me to do?” Blithe picked up a glass of water in front of him and took a sip, “Do you want me to have mercy on her?”
After all, Lindsay was working for Stanford, which wasn’t a secret.
Blithe didn’t think Stanford would take the initiative to see him for some other reasons.
Stanford answered, “No, I don’t.”
Blithe raised his eyebrows, “I see. Mr. James, what can I do for you then?”
“She murdered someone and broke the law, so she should receive the punishment. I hope she can be sentenced to death.”
Blithe was a bit surprised. He had thought that Stanford wanted to save Lindsay, but it turned out to be the opposite.
“As far as I know, Ms. Leroy has been working for you for a long time, Mr. James. Don’t you treasure your friendship at all?”
Right then, the hotel.
After Blithe had got the appointed place, he informed Abbott about it. Abbott had installed the audio monitoring system in this box in advance, so he could hear clearly about their conversation.
Abbott had already got ready to beat Stanford up. However, Stanford didn’t plead for mercy for Lindsay.
It calmed Abbott down a bit.
Fortunately, Stanford hadn’t lost all conscience. He could still distinguish right from wrong.
However, Abbott immediately denied the last thought. Stanford couldn’t distinguish right from wrong actually.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t want to avenge because of things that had happened in the past.
In the box.
Stanford refilled the water for Blithe. He said, “She’s just an employee. We don’t have a friendship.”
“This case also involved another case one year ago, which was relevant to your late wife’s death. Mr. James, you should have known it, right? The fire wasn’t caused because she had committed suicide. Instead, it was the suspect Lindsay Leroy who set it up. Mr. James, what’s your opinion on it?”
Stanford’s hands on the table slowly intertwined. He looked quite calm but he faked it.
“I married my wife for three years...” When mentioning Amanda, Stanford couldn’t continue being so calm. He continued after calming himself down a bit, “I love her very much. Her death broke my heart. I hope the murderer who had killed her should be punished by the law. Only in this case could she rest in peace.”
Blithe slightly raised his eyebrows, “I remember you’ve divorced at that time, haven’t you?”
Stanford looked down a bit, his eyelashes trembling, “Yes, we have.”
“Even if we divorced, we used to love each other. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have got married.” His voice wasn’t so cold and aggressive as usual. Instead, he sounded lack in confidence.
If their marriage was based on love only, he guessed that probably they could be quite happy together now.
“Mr. Donald, could you tell me what kind of punishment she might get?”
“A life for a life. Besides, her crime circumstances were bad and had a great impact. Even if she is not sentenced to death, she will be sentenced to life imprisonment. I think depriving a person of lifelong freedom is more torture than letting her die. What do you think, Mr. James?”
“Blithe, in this case, could you please do me a favor?” Stanford looked at him.
“Mr. James, you can go ahead tell me. If I can do it, I wouldn’t turn you down. Mr. James, you are now a bigwig in our city. It’s my pleasure to help you.”
“Thanks in advance, Blithe. I’ll not make you help me in vain. If you need my help in the future, please feel free to let me know.”
They kept being polite to each other
“I don’t want her to have an easy life in the prison.” Stanford looked out of the window expressionlessly. Watching the bright night view, his eyes were full of coldness.
“Okay. I got it,” Blithe agreed.
Even if Stanford didn’t say so, he would do it.
“I have to go now, Mr. James,” Blithe said while standing up.
Stanford also followed him to stand up, “Mr. Donald, you haven’t told me what I can do for you yet.”
“Mr. James, you can owe me a favor for this time. In the future, if I need your help, I hope you won’t turn me down.”
“Of course.”
“I’m sorry but I won’t have dinner here. I still have something urgent to deal with. Mr. James, see you.” Blithe waved at him.
Stanford said to the door, “Atwood, please walk Mr. Donald out.”
Atwood pushed the door open and entered.
Blithe walked out of the box, followed by Atwood, “Mr. Donald, let me walk you downstairs,” said he.
Blithe refused, “No thanks. You can go back to your work.”
Although Blithe said so, Atwood still walked him to the elevator before going back to the box.
The box was lit up by the chandelier. The neon lights refracted through the window were quite colourful. The whole room was bright and soaked in different colours.
Stanford was standing in front of the French window, peering out. His slender figure looked endlessly lonely.
Atwood pushed the door open and walked in. Looking at him for a long while, he asked, “Will Lindsay Leroy die, Mr. James?”
#####Chapter 913: Has Someone Stayed Here Overnight?
Stanford slowly turned around. He gazed at Atwood deeply for a while, “Do you care about her?” he asked.
Atwood looked down, “She and I have worked for you all the time. She’s like a friend to me. I just have some concerns.”
“She deserves to die.”
After finishing his remark, Stanford turned around. The city was still prosperous, the neon lights were still flashing, and people were still walking back and forth on the streets. Without Amanda, nothing had changed. However, his mind had changed.
He was like a walking dead now.
He had lost his soul, and only his empty shell remained.
“Atwood, have you ever done anything that you regret?” Stanford asked in a deep tone.
Atwood answered, “Yes, I have.”
“Tell me about it.”
It seemed that Stanford was looking for the equilibrium.
Another man was like him, feeling regretful.
“I used to have a crush on a girl. However, she didn’t like me,” answered Atwood simply.
“Why did you fight for winning her heart?” Stanford turned around and looked at him.
One should fight for happiness, shouldn’t he?
Atwood shook his head, “I didn’t want to force her or make it difficult for her. As long as she’s happy, I’ll be happy. If she’s not happy and comes back to me one day, I’ll accept her joyfully.”
Stanford looked at him for a long time. His words reechoed in Stanford’s mind.
He wondered whether he could truly bless his beloved woman without any regret if she fell in love with another man.
Upon hearing Atwood’s words, he realized that he was quite selfish.
If he had a crush on a woman, he would hope to be with her.
Stanford always thought that if Amanda were still alive, he would keep her by his side again.
However, he didn’t think she would exist in this world again.
It was he who had killed her.
If he hadn’t proposed to divorce her, Lindsay might not have the guts to do anything to Amanda.
He regretted it. He regretted it so much.
However, nothing had happened in this world could be changed.
“Mr. James, you should let the bygones be bygones.” Atwood didn’t know how to comfort Stanford either.
He just didn’t want to see Stanford like this.
“I just can’t control my mind.” The less he wanted to think about it, the more clearly the past became.
“Let’s go.” Stanford lifted his food, followed by Atwood.
On the other side, in the morning, when Casimir was about to leave after having breakfast with Amanda, he looked at her and asked, “What’s your plan today?”
Amanda said perfunctorily, “I haven’t finished my business plan yet. I’ll work from the hotel.”
Casimir smiled, “Shall we have dinner after I knock off tonight? After all, you treated me for breakfast.”
Amanda leaned against the door, “Can you only think about eating? We’ve just finished breakfast but you’ve already planned dinner. Do you know what it’s called?”
Casimir asked, “What?”
“Rice-bucket.”
Casimir couldn’t quite understand the implication of this word.
However, he didn’t think it was a compliment.
Although he had learned a lot of vocabulary in the Chinese language, he still had a lot of words that he couldn’t understand. This language was way too complicated. Sometimes, a word could have several kinds of meanings.
He took a look at Amanda, pulled out his phone, and searched the meaning of rice-bucket online. After reading it, he pulled a long face. He asked, “Have you ever seen such a graceful rice-bucket like me?”
Amanda pouted, “Are you one of them?”
Casimir was rendered speechless.
“I’m not in the mood to argue with you.” He couldn’t win against her when speaking Chinese as he didn’t know as many vocabularies as she did.
In particular, he wasn’t familiar with those words mocking others with hidden meanings.
“I’m taking off.”
Casimir walked out of the room. Amanda smiled, “Okay, I won’t you walk out.”
“You are just a ruthless woman. I saved your life. You even don’t want to repay me. I’ve saved you in vain.” He snorted.
Amanda was speechless.
She had always remembered his kindness.
Otherwise, why would she always treat him as her younger brother?
She had never lent her bedroom and bathroom to an outsider, especially a man.
Casimir stood in front of the elevator and pressed the button to go down.
Later, the door of the elevator opened. When he was about to walk in, three men walked out. Abbott was in lead.
Casimir was taken aback slightly. Then he felt at loss. He didn’t know how to react while standing in front of the elevator.
He wondered about Abbott...
Abbott glanced at him and ignored him completely. He just felt a bit weird as Casimir didn’t walk into the elevator.
He walked with the two men to Amanda’s door and knocked on it.
Seeing that, Casimir widened his eyes.
He wondered why Abbott was knocking on Amanda’s door.
Was he a good or bad man?
Would he want to harm Amanda?
Casimir thought of a lot of things.
When Amanda’s door was almost opened, he hurriedly pressed the button to reopen the almost closed elevator door. Then he walked in quickly.
Soon, the door was closed. Instead of pressing the button to the first floor, he pressed the button of the floor below the current one. After walking out of the elevator, he found the staircase and walked up to the level. While walking, he called Amanda.
He was afraid that Amanda would encounter a bad man. If she wouldn’t answer the phone, he would call the police or break into her room.
If Amanda would answer his call, it meant that the man didn’t want to harm her.
If so, Casimir also wondered why Amanda knew that man just now.
He had shown her the man’s photos before.
He was bothered by a lot of questions.
Amanda thought that it was Casimir who returned to her room. She opened the door and said, “Why did you...”
Before finishing her words, she saw Abbott.
“Hi, Abbott!” she greeted him.
Abbott looked at her and asked, “Who have you mistaken me for?”
As he spoke, he looked into the room. The plates for breakfast were still on the table. He could tell there were two portions. It was obvious that Amanda had it with another person.
He raised his wrist and checked the time - it was only ten to seven in the morning.
That person shouldn’t have come here for breakfast purposely.
He wondered if someone stayed in Amanda’s room overnight.
#####Chapter 914: My Friend
Amanda could feel Abbott’s glance. She looked back and explained, “My friend.”
Abbott asked, “Male or female?”
Amanda scratched her hair and answered honestly, “Male.”
Abbott asked the two men to wait for him outside the door. He walked in and continued, “Did he stay here overnight?”
Closing the door, Amanda answered frankly, “Yeah.”
Abbott looked at her. Obviously, he was surprised.
Amanda rubbed her forehead and realized that he had overthought.
“He’s a friend of mine. He has saved my life. Last night, he was in a bad mood, so he came over to have a drink with me. He got drunk and I was worried to let him go home alone. Hence, he stayed here.” She pointed at the sofa. She hadn’t put away the blanket yet. Abbott could tell that someone was sleeping on it earlier.
He also realized that he had overthought. Amanda had suffered a big loss in love, so he didn’t believe that she would do anything recklessly again.
He sat down.
Amanda asked, “Abbott, have you had breakfast yet?”
Abbott said yes.
“I saw you came with another two men. What are they?” asked Amanda.
Right then, her phone started ringing on the table. She picked it up and checked the caller ID, only to find Casimir’s name. She raised her eyebrows, wondering what he was doing as he had just left.
She swiped to answered.
“Hello, Amanda. Are you all right?”
She heard Casimir’s question as soon as the call was connected.
Amanda didn’t answer.
She was confused.
“What happened, Casimir?”
“Oh, nothing.” Casimir had arrived at the same level. Seeing the two men outside Amanda’s door and noticing the peace in her voice, he didn’t think she was in trouble. He asked tentatively, “Will you come out?”
Amanda was quiet for a moment.
“Haven’t I told you I’ll work from the hotel?”
“Oh... I forgot. Are you alone in the room now?”
Amanda sensed something wrong, “Casimir, what on earth do you want?”
“Nothing. I’m afraid you’ll feel bored alone in the room. Shall we go to see a movie during lunchtime?”
“No, thanks. I’m still busy. I’ve gotta go now...”
“Wait. Are you truly all right?”
“Sure. Bye for now.”
“Okay. Bye.”
Upon hearing the beeps on the phone, Casimir was standing at the corner and looking at the door. He didn’t leave. He wanted to ensure if that man who knocked on Amanda’s door would come out from there later.
In that case, he would ensure if Amanda knew that man or not.
If so, when he told her he had met that man, why would Amanda tell him that she knew him?
In the room, Amanda put down the phone.
Abbott asked, “From your friend who wasn’t in a good mood?”
Amanda said yes while lowering her head.
After all, she knew Casimir’s identity, but she hid it from both of them.
She was quite hesitant, wondering if she should tell Abbott.
Suddenly, Abbott said, “I’ve considered your words.”
As a matter of fact, he had called to ask Matthew for his opinion.
“About Stanford James, I won’t get involved. You can carry out your own plan. However, you must keep the two men outside.”
Amanda understood. When Abbott said he wanted to consider it, actually he meant to ask her parents for their opinion.
She heaved a sigh. It was all because of her self-esteem.
“Thanks a lot, Abbott,” said Amanda with a smile.
Abbott said seriously, “You can call them in and get to know each other. They both are good at fighting. They can protect you and help you. If you can’t do anything in person, you can ask them to do it for you.”
Amanda didn’t refuse, because she knew that if Abbott wouldn’t stay here and help her, she must keep those two men. Otherwise, he wouldn’t agree to her to take revenge on Stanford all by herself.
She stood up and went to open the door.
#####Chapter 915: Casimir Got to Know the Truth
The door was opened.
“Please come in,” Amanda said to the two men.
The two men slightly bowed at her and said, “Thanks, Ms. Nelson.”
Amanda nodded, moved aside, and let them enter.
She closed the door after they went in.
At the corner, Casimir had seen what was going on in person.
Now he could be certain that Amanda did know that man.
However, he couldn’t understand why she hadn’t told him.
He wondered why she deliberately hide it from him. Did she treat him as a friend?
He was quite unhappy that Amanda hid it from him.
Inside the room.
Abbott introduced the two men to Amanda. Pointing at one of them, he said, “His name is Gerben Harvie. He’s the older one.”
Then he pointed at the other man, “His name is Gerald Harvie. He’s the younger one. They are twins. In the past, they served in the special force and are both skilful in fighting. We’ll rest assured if they are with you.”
Upon hearing that they were twin brothers, Amanda looked at them up and down. Usually, the twins would be told at a glimpse, but they didn’t look like each other at all. The younger brother was taller.
“We’re fraternal siblings,” Gerben could tell that Amanda was confused, so he explained, “Ms. Nelson, I heard you also have a twin brother, right?”
Amanda nodded and said, “We looked like each other when we are young.”
After they grew up, they also look like each other. Just that Amanda was a girl, so she was much taller than Andrew. However, they both looked like their father, especially Andrew.
“You should be identical siblings,” said Gerben.
Identical siblings - one egg was fertilized with two sperm at the same time and split into two gestational sacs in the later stage. Generally, such twins would look very similar to each other.
Fraternal siblings - two eggs were fertilized with two sperm. The dyeing genes of fraternal twins were different, so they looked quite different.
However, some fraternal siblings looked alike, but those were quite rare.
“From now on, they are your bodyguards,” said Abbott.
Amanda answered, “Okay.”
She looked at the two men and said, “Thank you guys in advance.”
The two bodyguards were quite polite. They answered, “It’s our pleasure.”
Abbott stood up, “I’ve been here for a long time, so it’s time for me to go home. Lindsay Leroy’s case has almost been settled. She wouldn’t have any chance to make trouble in the future.”
“Are you leaving so soon?” Amanda was quite surprised. She hadn’t decided if she would tell him about Casimir yet.
“Right. Are you reluctant for my departure?” said Abbott jokingly.
Amanda thought for a moment and said, “Shall we have dinner tonight? I’ll ask a friend of mine to join us.”
Abbott agreed, “Sure.”
“I’ve gotta go. Form now on, the two will be working for you. By the way,” he pulled out a car key, gave it to Amanda, and said, “It’s more convenient to have a car.”
Amanda took the key over and walked him out.
“Call me after you’ve decided the time tonight,” said Abbott.
“Okay. I’ll call you after reserving the table.”
Standing at the door, she watched Abbott walk into the elevator. When she turned around and was about to go back to her room, Casimir suddenly showed up from nowhere. He grabbed her wrist.
Amanda was startled. When she wanted to let out a scream, she saw Casimir. She asked in surprise, “Haven’t you gone to work? Why are you still here?”
Casimir gazed at her with an annoyed look and questioned, “Do you treat me as your friend?”
“Of course,” answered Amanda.
“Gee, for real? You know him but why don’t you tell me?” Casimir shook off her hand in disappointment.
He treated her as a friend truly, but she knew who his biological father was and didn’t tell him.
“What...” Amanda instantly understood what he meant. She turned around and saw Abbott who was in the elevator, widening her eyes. She realized that Casimir had seen him.
She was certain. Otherwise, Casimir wouldn’t be so angry.
“Casimir, I can explain...”
“What do you want to explain? You should know each other very well. I don’t think you’ve just met. You have so many chances to tell me but you never did.” After finishing his words, he turned away.
“Casimir!” Amanda caught up with him, “Please let me explain...”
“Your explanation is covering your guilt. It’s a fact that you’ve never told me the truth. What else can you tell me?” Casimir didn’t want to give her a chance to explain. When the door of the elevator next to him was opened, he strode in.
#####Chapter 916: Do You Know What My Style Use to Be
Amanda wanted to follow him, but she found that she was still in pyjamas. Then she stopped and said to him, “I didn’t hide it from you on purpose. Believe it or not.”
Then she turned around and walked to her room.
Casimir was speechless.
It was her fault, but she behaved as if he had wronged her.
How could she return to her room just like this? He wondered if she truly treated him as her friend.
He expected that she would chase him.
He wondered if she cared about him.
The more he was thinking, the angrier he got. Then he rushed to leave the hotel.
In the hotel room.
Amanda was also angry.
Casimir wasn’t willing to listen to her and went furious.
She believed that he should listen to her explanation.
It turned out he was too angry to give her any chance to speak.
Gerben and Gerald were quite sensible. They knew she was angry. When she entered the room, they walked out.
They also overheard the argument between Casimir and her, but they didn’t know what they were arguing about.
They were arranged to work for Amanda because they were Andrew’s colleagues in the special forces. They were also taken care of by Major General Harris.
Later, Andrew was transferred because of his outstanding performance. The twin brothers didn’t know which unit had Andrew been transferred to and they lost contact with him.
It was said that Andrew entered a secret organization owned by the state. Ordinary people didn’t know where exactly he was and what missions he was on.
Then, Noah found them and asked them to do him a favour.
Hence, they left the military.
However, when Amanda wouldn’t need them to work for her any longer, they would return to the military.
Since they would work for her, Abbott had already told them what happened to Amanda and who was around her in detail.
They even know who the man named Casimir was.
Casimir was Amanda’s friend, who also saved her life. Hence, when they were arguing, the twins didn’t show up as they knew Casimir wouldn’t harm Amanda.
Suddenly, the door of the hotel room was opened. Amanda had put on her clothes. Looking at the twins at the door, she said, “I need one of you to come with me and the other to stay here.”
She didn’t want to attract others’ attention by going out with two bodyguards. Even they were not wearing military uniforms, they emanated a strong trained soldier’s aura.
“You should stay,” said Gerben to his brother.
His brother was unhappy, “I’d better follow Ms. Nelson.”
“I’m your older brother. You must listen to me,” said Gerben aggressively.
Amanda was speechless while watching them.
“You are the older brother, but you can’t decide on your own. Besides, you were born only a few minutes earlier than I was.”
“Our parents named us Gerben and Gerald. My name is listed in front of yours alphabetically. You should listen to me.”
Gerald was speechless.
Right then, Amanda chimed in, “You both are excellent bodyguards. I also have a job to assign to the person who stays.”
Since the person who stayed wouldn’t be idle, Gerald wasn’t so unhappy.
Amanda handed him a bank car, “Since you’re working for me now, I can’t treat you poorly. Gerald, ask the hotel if there’s an empty room next to me. At least, your accommodation needs to be arranged.”
Gerald didn’t take the card over. He said in disappointment, “It’s already arranged.
They would only take whatever they were supposed to. They wouldn’t take extra pay.
It wasn’t until then did Amanda realize that since Abbott had assigned them to her, he must have arranged everything well.
She slightly heaved a sigh. It turned out everything had been settled again. She felt deeply frustrated, “All right.”
She put away the bank car and walked out.
It was the older brother, Gerben, who followed her out.
“Please give me the car key, Ms. Nelson. I’ll drive,” said Gerben.
Amanda gave the key to him, pulled the door open, and was about to sit in. Atwood walked to her.
“Good morning, Ms. Flores,” he greeted her.
Amanda looked back and saw him walking towards her.
She stopped.
“Ms. Flores, when is your business plan ready?” asked Atwood.
“One month as we agreed. It’s not the deadline yet. I don’t need to report it to you, do I?”
“Of course. Mr. James just wants to know the progress. Ms. Flores, please go to our company and report it to Mr. James.”
Amanda was dead, so it would be useless for Stanford even he regretted it.
However, Atwood found that Stanford treated Simona Flores differently than others, so he hoped that Simona could replace Amanda.
He decided on his own and came over to find Simona, just hoping that Simona could get along with Stanford more so that the latter wouldn’t be so lonely.
“I’m on my way to deal with something. I don’t have time,” Amanda refused.
Abbott would be leaving town soon, so she must talk to Casimir.
She believed that he would have calmed down a bit now, so he should be able to listen to her.
Although Amanda was quite angry that he refused to give her a chance to explain, the matter was relevant to Casimir’s recognition with Abbott, so she wasn’t truly angry with Casimir.
She bent over and wanted to get in, but Atwood pulled the door of the car, “Ms. Flores, you’d better go to our company.”
Amanda suppressed her temper, “Do you ask me to go there on behalf of Mr. James?”
Atwood answered, “Yes.”
“He’s the CEO of such a big company but how can’t he obey the agreement?” with a sneer, Amanda said aggressively, “I won’t go there today.”
She pulled back the door forcibly and said, “Gerben, let’s go.”
Gerben cast a lance at Atwood and sat on the driver’s seat.
Soon, the car roared away. Atwood was standing motionlessly in a daze.
He had thought that it wouldn’t be difficult for him to lure Amanda to the company. Much to his surprise, she was way too aggressive.
He didn’t only fail to lure her over but also pissed her off.
He wondered if she would go to make trouble for Stanford later.
Atwood suddenly realized that his kindness had caused big trouble.
He didn’t know what to do.
He believed that he had acted recklessly.
He wondered if he should go back and take the initiative to tell Stanford about it.
The next second, he said no to himself.
When Amanda arrived at Casimir’s company, she didn’t find him there. She tried to call him, but the call wasn’t connected. His phone was powered off. None of the employees in his company knew where he was.
Amanda could only leave there. When she was about to look for Casimir, she saw Stanford walking out of a building opposite with several people followed him. It seemed that he came here for talking business and was on the way to leave.
She was pretty upset about Casimir’s matter, and Atwood went to urge her to report the progress. They had agreed to let her submit the business plan in one month. However, she was urged after only a few days.
With anger, Amanda walked across the road and walked to Stanford, “Good day, Mr. James,” she greeted him.
Stanford was about to sit in his car. Seeing her, he paused and stood upright. He asked, “Ms. Flores, why...”
He was about to ask her why she was here. Then he noticed that the building where Casimir’s company was located was opposite.
Casimir declared that they were in love earlier. Last time in the charity banquet, they showed up together. Stanford thought that he should have sensed it earlier.
With a cold look, he asked, “Ms. Flores, what can I do for you?”
Amanda snorted, “Mr. James, don’t you want to ask me for the progress of the business plan?”
Before Stanford responded, she continued in a fierce tone, “Mr. James, you are the president of a huge organization, so you should know how to obey the agreement with your business partner. When we signed the contract, we’ve agreed to have the business plan ready in one month, haven’t we? It’s only a few days, you started urging me. Don’t you trust me or RM Group?”
Stanford looked a bit surprised. He asked, “Ms. Flores, what do you mean?”
“What do I mean?” Amanda almost vented all her anger on him, “Do you want to deny what you’ve done? Or are you too deaf to hear what I said? Or, probably, Mr. James, you are such a man without any principle, aren’t you? If you don’t trust me, you can directly tell me you don’t want to work with RM Group. However, you dare not to admit what you’ve done. Is that still your style of doing things?”
Stanford looked at her. After a long while, he asked, “Do you know what my style used to be?”
She asked if that was still his style of doing things.
She sounded as if she used to be quite familiar with him.
#####Chapter 917: How Come You Don’t Know
Amanda was a bit taken aback, wondering what she had said just now.
She recalled what she had said and couldn’t find anything that she shouldn’t say.
“How can I know what you used to be like, Mr. James? You misunderstood.” She faked being calm and pushed all the blame on Stanford, “Do you want to change the subject on purpose?”
Stanford was speechless.
“Just stop beating around the bush. Do you want to stop our cooperation? Or do you have other ideas?” said Amanda aggressively.
“Ms. Flores, I can’t understand what you said.” Stanford looked at her. He looked pretty calm but in secret, he covered his expression with his calmness, his eyes twinkling, “You are so excited now. What do you want to cover?”
Amanda directly looked away to avoid his gaze. The longer he gazed at her, the more panicked she became, “Mr. James, I don’t know what you are talking about. Well, please wait for the contract termination.”
Then she was about to leave. However, she just took one step before her wrist was grabbed. She looked back and asked, “What are you doing?”
“Ms. Flores, please make it clear to me.” Stanford dragged her, walking towards a cafe nearby.
Amanda struggled fiercely, “Let go of me!”
Right then, Gerben stopped Stanford, “Please let go of her!”
“Who are you?” Stanford squinted. Earlier, he didn’t see such a man around Simona.
“He’s a bodyguard hired by Casimir for me. What’s wrong?” Amanda quickly gave him a suitable excuse.
Stanford turned to look at her, becoming more and more interested in her.
It was because her aggressive and arrogant look was way too similar to Amanda's.
“I’m going to talk business with you, but you resist so much. What are you afraid of? You’ve also hired a bodyguard. Whom will he protect you from? Me?”
“I was almost killed by someone working for you, Mr. James. Shouldn’t I be more careful? My boyfriend cares about me. What’s wrong with it?” she retorted quickly after a short moment of silence.
When hearing her mention her boyfriend, Stanford felt so unpleasant for some reason. He couldn’t control that upset feeling at all.
“Ms. Flores, it’s my fault to bring you trouble. I apologize.” The next second, he changed the subject, “I believe we have a misunderstanding on the business plan. We should sit down and have a talk. What do you think, Ms. Flores?”
Amanda didn’t truly mean to stop cooperating with him, so she agreed. Looking at Gerben, she said, “Please wait for me in the car.”
Gerben nodded in agreement and sat back in the car.
“Mr. James, we can sit down and talk. But could you please let go of me?” she asked expressionlessly.
Stanford felt the emptiness in his heart when looking into her cold eyes. His emptiness would become less only when he was gripping her. Although he was quite reluctant, he still let go of her.
They walked into the cafe and found a quiet place to sit down. A waiter came over to take the order.
Stanford asked, “What would you like to drink?”
Amanda answered, “Anything would be fine.”
Then Stanford made the order. He ordered a cup of latte with extra milk, which used to be Amanda’s favourite.
He also ordered the same for himself. Closing the menu, he handed it to the waiter and said, “That’s all. Thanks.”
The waiter took the menu over and left.
Amanda felt so sarcastic. Last time, he took her to the restaurant that used to be her favorite, and this time, he ordered her favourite coffee. She wondered if he was acting to be affectionate.
She sneered inwardly.
“Ms. Flores, you seem to be quite unhappy.” Stanford could tell that she was not in a good mood.
Amanda said, “I don’t like milk in my coffee.”
Stanford smiled. He said, “I didn’t like it either before. Coffee had its bitterness, but should why the milk be added to change its original taste?”
“Why did you change?”
After asking the question, Amanda regretted it.
It wasn’t her business why he had changed.
What did it have anything to do with her?
She shouldn’t have asked.
Stanford looked at her and answered, “Because of my wife.”
Amanda looked away, “Your late wife, isn’t it?”
“She’s gone, but she still left me a lot of memories.” Stanford had a slight pang in his heart when thinking about Amanda.
The waiter served the latte and left soon.
“Ms. Flores, have a taste, please,” said Stanford.
Amanda didn’t move, “I don’t like it,” said she.
“Things existing in this world have their meanings of existence. This cup of coffee is no exception. Originally, it’s bitter, but it’ll become less bitter with some milk. Moreover, it would have a good smell from the milk. It’s just like life. If your life is unhappy, why would you eat something with bitterness...”
“Enough, Mr. James!” Amanda interrupted him in a determined tone. She didn’t want to listen to his nonsense, as what he said used to be the words that she spoke to him.
She gave him a long explanation when she wanted to convince him to put the milk into the coffee.
“We’re here to talk business. I don’t want to listen to you talk about the coffee. Mr. James, I’ve never studied it so I don’t understand. Neither do I want to understand about it. We’re here for work.”
“Ms. Flores, I just feel that you are like my ex-wife. Sorry for that.”
Stanford got down to business, “I want to know why you were so angry just now, Ms. Flores.”
“Don’t you know the reason? Didn’t you send your secretary to me and urge me to report the progress of my business plan to you?”
#####Chapter 918: Marry Me
“My secretary?” Stanford soon thought that Atwood wasn’t in the company today. He wondered if Atwood had done so.
“Did Atwood go to see you?”
Amanda sneered, “Don’t you tell me you have no idea about it?"
Stanford said frankly, “I truly don’t know about it. What did he say to you? He made you so angry. If it was truly his fault, I apologize on his behalf.”
Amanda suddenly realized that she had been too reckless. She lost her mind because she was too angry earlier.
Although Stanford was cold-hearted and ruthless, he wasn’t someone who dared not to admit what he had done.
“He asked me to go to your company and report the progress of the business plan. We’ve agreed to have it ready in one month. Hence, his request upset me.”
“I see. I apologize to you on his behalf. We’ve agreed to have it done in a month. We shouldn’t have urged you,” said Stanford extremely sincerely.
In such a circumstance, Amanda couldn’t complain more, “Okay. Since it’s a misunderstanding, I’ll forget it. Mr. James, please restrain your employees. Last time, it was Lindsay Leroy. This time, it’s Atwood Barret. Mr. James, why are your employees so unprofessional?”
“It won’t have again.” Stanford truly didn’t know why Atwood had done it.
Atwood did it behind his back.
“Mr. James, please manage your employees well. I’m here for business. I don’t want to get involved in any trouble.”
After finishing her words, Amanda stood up, “I’ve gotta go now.”
Stanford also stood up, “Let me wall you out.”
Amanda said, “No, thanks.”
“Ms. Flores, I feel you are always avoiding me purposely.” Stanford added, “We’re business partners. Ms. Flores, you don’t need to distance yourself from me.”
Amanda was speechless.
She thought for a moment and found an excuse, “I have a boyfriend, and he’s petty. He doesn’t like it when I’m too close to another man.”
Then she strode away.
Stanford didn’t insist. He gazed at her receding figure in silence. Then he pulled out his phone and called Atwood.
The call was connected soon.
“Where are you?” Stanford asked.
“Outside,” said Atwood.
“In half an hour, I want to see you in my office.” Then Stanford hung up the phone and put it back into his pocket. He gazed at the cup of latte that wasn’t touched at all, looking down. No one could see through his current mind.
Later, he returned cold and aloof, striding out of the cafe.
When his driver saw Stanford come out, he hurriedly opened the rear door for Stanford. Right then, Stanford heard a woman’s voice. He looked up, only to find that Amanda was dragged Casimir to the other side of the road.
Stanford paused a bit and didn’t sit in the car immediately.
Earlier, when Amanda walked out of the cafe, she didn’t leave right away. She went to Casimir’s company asking if he had returned, and the receptionist said yes.
Hence, she went to Casimir’s office. However, Casimir was still angry, unwilling to talk to her.
Seeing Amanda come in, he immediately stood up and wanted to go downstairs. Amanda had to pull him, “I can understand why you are so pissed off. But you must give me a chance to explain.”
“I don’t want to hear it. You should know when seeing those photos. You have so many chances to tell me. Last night, I was so down and went to drink with you. I was so upset and hesitant, but you still didn’t tell me. Are you really my friend?”
Casimir’s voice was loud as he was angry.
Stanford overheard it. ‘Drink? Friend?’ the words reechoed in his mind. He rolled his eyes slightly and seemed to have overheard a lot of information.
He couldn’t help wondering what Simona’s secret was.
When Amanda was about to speak, she noticed Stanford opposite. She swallowed her words and hugged Casimir.
Casimir was startled by her sudden action. Her warm and soft body clung to him tightly, making him stiffed, “What... What are you doing?”
“Shush... Don’t speak,” she whispered.
Casimir looked at her in silence.
He was enraged earlier and complaining about her, but now everything vanished.
He looked down at her, “Do you want to marry me to calm me down?”
Amanda was speechless.
She truly want to pry open his skull and take a look at what was inside.
How could he have that kind of idea?
Watching Stanford’s car leave, Amanda let go of him and took a step back to distance herself from him.
Feeling the emptiness in his arms, Casimir felt a bit disappointed.
After Amanda’s behaviour, he calmed down a lot, “Tell me. What are your difficulties?”
Amanda looked at him and asked, “Is this a good place to talk?”
They were in the lobby where people came and go frequently.
Casimir realized it and turned around to walk to the elevator, “Let’s go to our office,” he suggested.
Amanda was quite surprised - he was way too stubborn earlier and unwilling to listen to her. She wondered why he suddenly calmed down and agreed.
Anyway, she wanted to explain it to him first.
She followed him.
Soon, they arrived at his office.
Sitting on the sofa, Casimir said proudly, “Go ahead. Tell me why you have deliberately hidden it from me.”
“I didn’t do that o purpose. I just feel that man looks like him. After all, many people in this world look like each other. Without any confirmation, I can’t just tell you so affirmative, can I?”
“You always have excuses.” Casimir knew that she had a sharp tongue.
Amanda was speechless.
“In fact, I’m still uncertain if you are his son. He’s an elder to me. I haven’t told you because he has a family. I don’t know if your appearance will bother his family. I’ve asked him tentatively. When he was young...”
“What happened?” Casimir asked nervously.
Now he understood a bit why Amanda had hesitated.
#####Chapter 919: What Secrets?
Since Amanda knew that man, she must have a lot of consideration. That was why she hesitated to tell him.
Casimir realized that he had been too anxious, so he changed his tone, “Please tell me. I’m ready for it.”
Amanda scratched her hair and said gently, “Before he got married, he had a filthy personal life.”
Casimir was shocked.
“How filthy?” He calmed himself down, wondering what he was - a product of a one-night-stand or a sex deal.”
“He’s married now and cares about his family. I invited him for dinner tonight. If you want to recognize him, it’s an opportunity tonight. He’ll leave probably tomorrow,” said Amanda directly.
Casimir hadn’t made up his mind yet. He wondered what if the man wouldn’t admit it or be willing to recognize him.
What if he wasn’t that man’s son?
He couldn’t confirm that man was his biological father by only a photo, could he? If that man wasn’t his father, it would be way embarrassing.
In conclusion, Casimir flinched.
“Are you close to him, Amanda?” he asked.
Amanda made it clear, “What do you want to ask? Please go ahead. I’ll try my best to help you if I could. However, I won’t help you harm him. We’re quite close. He’s been working for my father for several decades. We’re like family.
Casimir asked, “What about you and me?”
“We’re friends,” she blurted out.
However, Casimir wasn’t happy with her answer.
“Are we only friends?”
“Then we could be...” Meeting Casimir’s disappointed and expectant eyes, Amanda bit the bullet and answered, “closer than friends.”
“Closer than friends? What’s it then? We’re not lovers or family. Can’t you make it clear?” Casimir insisted on asking without giving up.
He seemed to want her to make it clear.
Amanda didn’t respond to him at all. She stood up and strode away.
She could tell that Casimir was acting shamelessly.
Casimir hurriedly stopped her, “Please don’t go!”
“I don’t want to stay here and talk nonsense with you.” She looked back at him.
Casimir changed his expression. He didn’t mean to do it. It was just that he felt too frustrated to calm down.
“Well. Please do me a favour. I want to do the DNA test with that man. If he was truly my father, I would consider recognizing him.”
Looking at him, Amanda said, “I never expect you could be so irresolute and hesitant.”
“That’s not true. I just don’t want to cause any misunderstandings. In case we’re not blood-related, it will be so embarrassing.”
Amanda thought for a moment. It wouldn’t cause Abbott any trouble or damage his interest. She just needed to get his DNA and do the test with Casimir. Hence, she agreed, “Okay. Will you join my dinner with him tonight?”
“Yes, I will,” said Casimir.
“Why did you change your mind?” He made her so confused
“I’ll just meet him tonight. I won't recognize him,” answered Casimir.
Amanda nodded, “Okay. I respect your decision.”
Meanwhile, J&G Group.
Atwood rushed back to the company as soon as he could. Before entering the office, he asked the secretary, “Has anyone come to meet Mr. James earlier?”
The secretary shook her head, “Not really. Mr. James has just come back.”
Atwood overheard Stanford’s voice on the phone, which didn’t sound quite pleasant. He asked again, “What did he look like when coming back?”
The secretary shook her head again, “He hasn’t smiled for quite a long time, has he?”
At least, since J&Y Group was founded, she had never seen Stanford smile.
Atwood nodded. It was the truth, “Yeah, he hasn’t smiled for a long time.”
It was because Stanford was unhappy.
He had lost the person who could make him happy.
Atwood slightly heaved a sigh. He turned around and walked to the CEO’s office. At the door, he raised his hand and knocked on it. Stanford asked him to enter. Then he pushed the door and walked in.
When he arrived in front of Stanford’s desk, Atwood was about to ask him why he had called. Stanford asked, “Have you gone to find Simona Flores earlier?”
Atwood was taken aback, feeling quite surprised that Stanford could know it so soon.
“Yes, I have.”
“Why?” Stanford looked up at him.
Atwood pressed his lips, “I feel you’re quite happy when being with her, so I wanted to ask her to come to our company for the sake of business. Then you’ll have a chance to meet.”
Stanford raised his eyebrows, “Am I happy when being with her?”
Atwood nodded hard, “Besides Mrs. James, she’s the first woman who could make you interested.”
Stanford slightly leaned back and looked up, “Atwood, I feel that she has secrets.”
Atwood widened his eyes, “What secrets?”
“I don’t know yet.” Stanford’s voice was deep, “You used to look into her background. Don’t you think her past is way too clean?”
Atwood thought for a moment and answered, “Yes. It’s pretty clean.”
It was because he didn’t find anything. Except for the content on the CV, he couldn’t find anything else.
“Atwood, please call the cleaners to clean the villa.” Stanford stood up and walked to the French window. With his back to Atwood, he added, “I hope she is the person that I’ve guessed.”
Atwood was obviously taken aback. He was surprised that Stanford suddenly asked him to clean up the villa. After all, since Amanda had passed away, Stanford never went there again.
“Mr. James... What do you mean? Do you suspect Simona Flores is Amanda Nelson?”
“Her mother’s maiden name is Flores.” Stanford turned to look at Atwood, “Don’t you think it’s related?”
Atwood still couldn’t believe it. However, after thinking twice, he realized that it was related, “Haven’t you confirmed that Mrs. James truly passed away?” he asked.
They had confirmed that Amanda had died.
According to the police, she was gone as well.
Stanford only had the intuition. He didn’t have solid evidence to prove that Simona was Amanda.
“Just do what I said.” Stanford turned around. Obviously, he didn’t want to continue with the topic.
“Well...” Atwood hesitated for a moment and said, “Mr. James, I have something to report to you.”
#####Chapter 920: Amanda Nelson Is Alive
On the way back home, Atwood got a phone call.
It was relevant to Lindsay, so he wondered if he should inform Stanford or not.
Stanford slightly frowned, “Go ahead.”
Finally, Atwood said honestly, “Lindsay said she has something to tell you.” Then he added, “I received a call earlier. It should be that Lindsay has promised the person some benefits, so the person called me.”
“What does she want to tell me?” Stanford asked in a cold tone.
“She said she wants to tell you in person,” said Atwood honestly.
He guessed Lindsay had asked someone to call him instead of Stanford because she was afraid Stanford wouldn’t give her a chance to speak. Stanford would definitely hang up the phone. Hence, she told the person his number.
“I won’t go to see her.” Stanford didn’t want to see such a vicious woman at all.
He regretted that he hadn’t found it earlier so that she had the chance to commit crimes.
Stanford knew what she wanted - she tried her best efforts to contact him just because she was afraid of death and wanted to live.
Atwood stammered, “Well... The person who called me said it’s something relevant to Mrs. James.”
Lindsay seemed to know Stanford well. She knew that he wouldn’t meet her so easily, so she told him something that interested him the most so that he could go to see her.
Stanford squinted.
Atwood still tried to convince Stanford, not for Lindsay but it was because they had worked together for so many years. Even if they were pet dogs, they had feelings, let alone they were human beings, “Isn’t it said that men speak kindly in the presence of death?”
“Ho ho,” Stanford sneered, “Even if she dies, she wouldn’t be kind.”
Lindsay could try to kill someone again and again. She had already lost her conscience. If she were still a bit humane, she wouldn’t have done it for the second time.
Besides, after she had killed Amanda, she didn’t feel regretful at all. She even faked as if nothing had happened.
How could such a woman be kind?
“Okay. Just ignore her then.” Atwood changed his mind pretty quickly and echoed Stanford.
Stanford said no, “I want to see what on earth she wants to change,” he said,
Atwood blinked, “Okay. I’ll arrange it for you.”
Stanford cast him a glance, feeling that Atwood was eager to visit Lindsay, “Atwood, is the girl you have a crush on Lindsay Leroy?” he asked.
Atwood gaped.
The subject was changed way too quickly.
He even didn’t know how to react.
“I... How can I have a crush on her?” Atwood denied it, “I just feel that we’ve worked together for a long time. In the end, I want to give her a chance to speak. I truly don’t have a crush on her.
Stanford put one hand in his pocket and cast him a casual glance, “Really?”
“Of course,” Atwood explained, “I just treat her as my coworker and friend. I don’t have any other feelings for her.”
“You are way too excited. I’m just asking.” Stanford sat on the chair, “You may leave now.”
Atwood looked up at him and then remained expressionless. He said, “Okay. Shall I arrange for you to meet her?”
Stanford hummed indifferently.
In the afternoon of the next day, Stanford appeared in the police station again.
He was still in the same room as the last time. Lindsay had the handcuffs on her wrists. She had lost a lot of weight and looked extremely haggard. When seeing Stanford, her lifeless eyes suddenly lit up. She wanted to stand up from the chair, but the policemen pressed her to stop her.
She seemed to have forgotten how determined Stanford was last time. She called him excitedly, “Stanford!”
Stanford looked annoyed. It seemed that he was pissed by the way she address him.
“I know you still care about me.” Lindsay’s eyes were reddened, “Can you save me from here, please?”
She couldn’t continue staying here any longer. In her room, all her roommates bullied her. She was alone and couldn’t fight against them at all.
“Is that what you want to tell me by requesting to see me?” Stanford asked in a cold tone.
Lindsay pinched the hemline of her uniform and stared at him with her tearful eyes, “For the sake of our former relationship, can’t you do it?”
“Our former relationship? I can’t figure out what kind of relationship we use to have. If that’s what you want to tell me, I have no interest at all.” Stanford was about to stand up.
Lindsay was panicked. She blurted out, “Amanda Nelson is still alive!”
She didn’t have the evidence, but she was certain Simona was Amanda. Otherwise, she couldn’t figure out who else would have set her up.
According to what Simona spoke to her that day, she could tell that Simona had known things that had happened in the past.
However, only a few people had known about that matter. Besides, Simona had just returned from abroad.
Hence, Lindsay believed that Amanda hadn’t died. She returned to avenge.
Stanford’s heart fluctuated. However, he still had a cold look, “Oh? Who is she then?” he asked.
“Save me out of here. I’ll tell you,” Lindsay finally told him about her purpose.
That was what Stanford had expected.
He looked at Lindsay calmly, curling his lips up slightly, “Do you want to tell me Simona Flores is she?”
Lindsay widened her eyes suddenly, “Have you known it?”
Stanford snorted, “Since you’ve suspected, how can’t I notice it?”
Lindsay shook her head at loss, “No...”
She wanted to deny it but it seemed that Stanford wouldn’t buy it no matter what she said now. Besides, it seemed that he had known everything.
Lindsay realized that she didn’t have any bargaining chip to ask him to save her out.
“Stanford...” she called his name again.
“Shut up!”
Stanford was pissed by her, “Don’t ever call my name again. You sickened me!”
He stood up, tidying up his cuffs that were not messy, “I came to see you just to watch you present all your bargaining chips but still fail to leave here!”
#####Chapter 921 Are You Happy
Lindsay opened her eyes in despair. "Could, could you really be so cruel?"
Stanford didn't want to say another word to her and he walked away.
"Stanford James!" Lindsay cried, "Do you really want to watch me doom?"
Stanford left without hesitation, without showing any single kindness.
He had no intention to save her at all.
Atwood glanced at her at the entrance and sighed slightly. He knew Stanford's temper. Lindsay had committed the crime of murder and the victim was even Amanda. That was his limit.
So even if Lindsay cried and repented now, Stanford won't save her.
"Atwood..." Lindsay panicked. Now she wanted to seize anyone who may be willing to save her. Atwood was her last hope. "Help me."
"Seeing that we have worked together for so long and are friends, can you bear to watch me doom?"
Atwood stopped. "You have to face the consequence of your action. No one can save you."
With that, he quickly followed Stanford and went out.
The weather today was particularly good. It was sunny, but they can't feel the warmth.
They even felt a little chilly.
Atwood got into the car and started the engine. "Shall we go back to the company?"
Stanford nodded.
Atwood backed the car out of the garage and drove towards the company.
After a while, when there was still a short distance from the company, Atwood saw a lot of people at the entrance.
"Mr. James." Atwood looked back. "Look there."
Stanford saw it.
"What's going on? Those people seem to be journalists from the media." Atwood pulled over and said, "I'll go and have a look."
Generally, there would be not something good. Since it even happened at the entrance of the company, it must be going after him.
Stanford said, "Drive the car over."
He would like to see who dared to make trouble at the entrance of the company.
Atwood hesitated. "What if you avoid it? In case..."
"Let's go." Stanford made up his mind. It was useless for Atwood to persuade him.
He can only drive the car over.
The car soon stopped.
Someone in the crowd shouted, "This is Stanford James' car."
The car was soon surrounded.
Atwood got off with a cold look. "What are you doing here?"
"I heard that Mr. James abused his parents and is harsh to his brother. Is it true?"
A microphone was moved towards him.
Atwood frowned. ‘What the heck is that?’
Stanford lowered the car window. A reporter immediately came up and asked, "Mr. James, I heard you don't support your parents. Is it true?"
Stanford looked at him with cold eyes. His look was stern and he looked oppressive. The reporter who asked the question immediately shut his mouth up.
He pushed the door open and came out. He saw George standing at the entrance. His half brother was looking at him proudly at the moment.
"Stanford James, do you dare tell these people how you treated your parents?" George came over.
Stanford walked. His aura was too powerful. Everyone wanted to see if the two brothers will have a huge fight.
There were too many grievances among the rich and powerful families. They were willing to watch the fun. Maybe they can hear some unspeakable secrets.
Everyone all made way.
"Father is in bed now. I heard you went to see him once and his illness got worse. Why? It's because you've made him angry, didn't you?" George looked at him, not afraid of meeting his horrifying eyes.
"I can give up everything from the James family, but you can't treat dad like that." Although George had no achievements and no decent job, and he was quite debauched most of the time, he was very filial to his parents.
He hadn't been home for a long time. He heard that Stanford, who never liked coming home, had gone back yesterday.
Because of this, Enoch's health became even worse. His mother told him it was because Stanford provoked him.
Stanford sneered. "The James family?"
‘What does the James family have?’
The James’ company was in Enoch's hands. It was lucky that it didn't go bankrupt!
Now he was mentioning the James family to him?
He looked extremely cold. "You better take the people you called here, and get lost now!"
Then he walked towards the building.
"Stanford!" George shouted, "I'm your brother, right? The blood flowing in me is the same as you."
He came over. "I just want you to treat father well. You have everything now. Why? You don’t want your parents anymore when you’re so successful? Don't forget, will you exist without father?"
George's last words angered Stanford. He turned and grabbed his collar. "If I have a choice, I will never choose him as a father. What do you want to discredit me? Money? Listen, I will never give it to you!"
He rumbled and called Atwood.
Atwood ran over at once.
Stanford released him and ordered, "Contact the mental hospital this instant, tell them there’s a madman here."
Atwood hesitated, came forward and whispered, "Would you like to have a second thought? If this goes out, the public will criticize you for being mean..."
Stanford didn't care about it at all. "They can write whatever they want."
"..."
George clenched his fists. "Stanford, I just want to ask you, won't you regret it? Are you happy after having so many things?"
##### Chapter 922 Mentally Ill     
Stanford slowed down but did not stop.
George ran and stopped him. "Are you trying to run away by not answering?"
"Stop irritating me!" Stanford looked extremely cold and there was strong hatred in his eyes, "If not because of your mother interfering in my parents' marriage and destroying my family, will I be what I am today?"
George was speechless at once.
That was true. When his mother had an affair with Enoch, Enoch had not divorced. His mother was the other woman.
"But it's been so long..."
"What’s wrong is wrong, no matter how long had passed." Stanford narrowed his eyes, there was a cold light in his eyes.
"Even if they were wrong, they’ve raised you until you grow up, didn't they?" George tried to convince him, "You won't be happy if you keep on bearing grudges. You’ve used your wife for revenge. Your wife killed herself because of your divorce. Are you happy now?"
Stanford's look was instantly cold to the extreme. The most fragile spot in his heart which he was reluctant to mention and regretted the most was triggered by George.
"I just don't want you to do things you regret anymore..."
"Get lost!" Stanford pushed him away and strode into the building.
George still wanted to follow him, but Atwood held him back. "It’s enough!"
George tossed Atwood’s hand away. "What else does he have with him for the sake of hatred? I doubt he won't regret it one day!"
Then he strode out. The reporters he recruited were still blocking the entrance. Everything that happened was photographed and recorded by them. After the news came out, no one knew what the media would write to attract attention.
He didn't expect that Stanford didn't even care about his reputation!
"Can we interview your parents?" a reporter asked.
With a frigid look, George ignored him and squeezed himself out of the crowd. At this time, a white car stopped by the road, there was a red and green warning flashlight on the roof, and the body was printed with the logo of the mental health centre of City B.
"..."
Stanford actually called a psychiatrist?
‘Is he crazy?’
Atwood obeyed Stanford very much. He would do whatever he ordered him.
Two men in white coats came out of the car and asked, "Who is mentally ill?"
The reporter behind was also stunned.
Atwood came over and pointed at George. "Him. He came to the J&Y Group and talked nonsense, damaging our president’s reputation."
He tried to restore Stanford's reputation.
George glared at Atwood. "You’re the one being mentally ill!"
"Calm yourself down and treat your illness, to not do reckless things next time. Cooperate with the doctors for treatment. As for the medical expenses, you don't have to worry, Mr. James will pay the money. Since you’re his brother, he would at least support you to stay in a mental hospital."
George almost vomited blood due to rage. "Shut the fuck up!"
"Look at your ferocious look, isn't it a manifestation of mental illness?" Atwood calmly retorted.
"..."
"Stanford was befuddled by hatred, are you befuddled too?"
"Who says I'm befuddled? I'm very clear-headed. Why do you think I'm not?"
Atwood's expression was very composed.
George gritted his teeth. "If you’re really loyal, for the sake of Stanford, you should persuade him to put down his previous hatred and live like a normal person..."
"How do you know that he is unhappy when he retaliates against those who have hurt him?" Atwood interrupted him.
George was speechless.
Atwood looked at the two doctors in white coats. "Please take him away. He has brought us a lot of trouble here. I hope you can cure him."
"You're crazy!" George shot Atwood a glare and ran away.
"Catch him, quickly." The two doctors in white coats immediately followed.
George looked as he ran and cursed, "Damn it!"
These people actually came after him.
He was not really mentally ill!
When Atwood turned back to return to the company, he glanced at the reporters who were still there and said, "The man with mental problems just said a lot of things that disgrace Mr. James. If you believe what he said, I won't explain it, but if the news you write doesn't accord with the facts, prepare to receive the lawyer's letter."
Then he strode in.
The reporters all fell into silence.
Could it be if they write down what they had heard and saw, that would mean they had believed the madman's words?
But that guy didn’t look crazy.
Atwood was blatantly threatening them!
Atwood walked into the building and scolded the security guards.
"When you encounter such a thing next time, you should chase the person away at the first time and call me. Don't let them make trouble here as they wish. Is this a market?"
"We’ve tried chasing him away several times, but all to no avail. He claimed that he’s Mr. James's brother and we didn't dare to be too harsh to him..."
"No matter who he is, no one’s allowed to make trouble here. Just remember that the J&Y Group is the one who pays you the salary and asks you to defend the building, and Mr. James is in charge of J&Y Group."
"Yes, we’ll keep this in mind."
The security guards standing in two lines spoke with unity.
Atwood waved his hand. "Go back to your work. Such things are not allowed to happen again in the future."
"Yes, sir."
They spread out.
Atwood took the elevator to the office area.
#####Chapter 923 It was a Trick at the Beginning
At this time, Stanford must be in a bad mood. He wanted to go up and persuade him, but the secretary told him that Mr. James said he would not see anyone.
Atwood dared not disobey Stanford even if he wanted to. Thinking of what he had told him to do, he made a phone call while heading out.
He wanted to find someone to clean up the villa.
At this time, Casimir decided to see Abbott. He was a little nervous. Before reaching the time, he took Amanda along and asked her to choose clothes for him.
Amanda couldn't help teasing, "You’re not going to a blind date, why do you have to specially dress yourself up?"
Casimir knew it, but he couldn't stop feeling nervous. He was going to meet the person who could be his father formally for the first time.
He should at least dress up appropriately.
"Help me see." Casimir looked up.
Seeing his serious look, Amanda didn't say anything more. She helped him adjust his necktie and collar. "You already look splendid now."
"Really?"
"Yes," she replied positively.
The mobile phone in Amanda's pocket suddenly vibrated and rang.
She took it out to see who was calling. Casimir asked nervously, "Who is it?"
In fact, he was wondering whether it was Abbott or not.
"It’s my brother."
She then went aside to answer the phone.
When the call was picked up, she heard Joshua's voice. "When can you solve your problem?"
Amanda asked, "Why do you suddenly ask about this?"
"I’m getting married on October 16, are you not going to attend my wedding?" Joshua said seriously.
Light dawned on Amanda. "Oh yes, I almost forgot."
"At that time, mom and dad will come back from abroad, could you possibly hide away to avoid them? So solve it as soon as possible," Joshua said solemnly.
"I know."
"Bonnie and I will go to Thailand to visit mom and dad tomorrow, do you have anything you want me to say to them?"
"Take a picture of them and send it to me," she said.
Joshua actually wanted her to go with him. "OK, but you should solve it as soon as possible. You've been hiding for a year and there’s not much time for you."
"I know." Amanda looked down.
It was just that it was really difficult to make Stanford lose everything in such a short time.
Joshua hung up, Amanda put her mobile phone back into her pocket and turned around. She didn't know that Casimir had come over. The tip of her nose brushed against his face as she turned around. Casimir had approached her secretly. Hearing her conversation with Joshua, he knew Amanda needed help. He spoke, "Do you need my help?"
She turned around without warning.
The moment their skin came in contact, both of them were startled.
Amanda hurriedly stepped back and glared at him. "What are you doing standing behind me?"
Casimir reached out and touched his face, telling the truth, "I was listening to what you said on the phone."
"..."
"Do...do you have any manner? It's impolite to listen when others are speaking on the phone, okay?"
"I didn't have a father since I was a child. No one taught me this."
Casimir turned around and seemed to be hurt by Amanda's words. He was not very happy.
"I’m sorry." Amanda apologized.
She had said something wrong for the moment. She shouldn't be too harsh in her words.
Casimir waved his hand. "You'd better think about yourself, and how to solve your problems as soon as possible."
Amanda pursed her lips and walked towards the door. "I'm going back to J&Y."
"Now?" Casimir glanced at the time, "It's two o'clock in the afternoon."
"It's still early, the sun’s not set yet." Amanda closed the door and went out.
She went downstairs. Gerben was sitting in the car, waiting for her by the road. When he saw her coming out, he came out to open the door for her.
She stooped, went into the car and said, "Go back to the hotel."
She needed to get the business project plan file.
The project plan had actually been completed. The reason why it had to be delayed for a month was to avoid Stanford’s suspicions. If everything went too smoothly, it will attract his attention.
The acquisition case they cooperated with was a trick at the beginning. The supporter behind Aegis Security Services was Excellence Investment Bank, which was founded by Matthew Nelson.
This was the original WY Group’s property, but few people knew it.
It was not easy to acquire a well-developed securities company, the internal survey data should be clear and accurate.
Stanford had also conducted a half a year survey on this, down to daily data.
According to the results of Stanford's investigation, Aegis Security Services had indeed developed very well.
If they want to buy such a securities company, the capital they need to invest is huge.
Stanford can't afford all those alone. The reason he looked for someone to cooperate was to reduce the amount he needed to invest and also to look for someone to take risks with him.
Although they had made a detailed plan, they cannot guarantee that there will be no mistakes. After all, the amount involved was too huge. If they had made a blunder, all their money would go to waste. If the acquisition was not successful, the funds they invested in the early stage will also be wasted.
Her plan was to let Stanford find out the profit status of Aegis Security Services in the early stage, but since those are real data, it was difficult to deceive Stanford if they falsify it. She had to make Stanford step into the trap from the later stage.
A large number of funds needed to be invested after the first round of acquisition. After the J&Y Group invests a large number of funds, Aegis Security Services will officially announce its flaws, and the original business would be transferred to other companies.
Finally, what they acquire successfully in the end would be an empty shell that is worthless.
At that time, all the money invested by Stanford will be lost!
#####Chapter 924 Replace Her
This plan was made by her. When she talked to the RM Group, the bargaining chip was to let the RM Group cooperate with Aegis Security Services and let the RM Group enter the domestic market.
Now having thought of that, she felt it was unreasonable for the RM Group to agree so happily at that time.
It turned out that the person in charge there was Abbott, and the president she saw was just a cover-up.
She knew that the WY Group had privately invested in many projects, but she didn't know that her father had already made plans.
Now she did not insist to take revenge by herself anymore. As long as she can gain back what was stolen from her, it didn't matter to even rely on her father’s help.
Joshua was right. She had been hiding long enough. Her parents had been worried about her for a year. She wanted to go back intact.
Having thought that, she reached out and touched her face, she was so like her father. At that time, she had deliberately changed her looks to revenge Stanford and didn't want her father to intervene.
She had made slight changes to some parts of her face. She had filled the bridge of her nose and the cheekbones to change her original appearance.
When Stanford had paid the price, she will restore her face to see her parents.
Every part of her body came from her parents, how can she change them so easily?
"Here we are, miss." Gerben parked the car at the hotel’s entrance.
Amanda regained her mind. "Wait for me in the car."
She opened the door, got off, and went to the room to get the completed project plan.
Soon she came out, got into the car with the documents and asked Gerben to go to the J&Y Group.
Now she was going to bring up the plan.
Gerben looked at her from the rearview mirror. "If you need us to do anything, just tell me."
"Not yet for the time being."
Amanda said.
These were all planned before.
Gerben answered and concentrated on driving.
After about 20 minutes, the car stopped in front of the J&Y Group building. Amanda opened the door and got off.
"I'll wait for you here, feel free to contact me if there’s anything," Gerben said.
His duty was to protect Amanda. If anything happens to her, he would be held responsible.
Amanda nodded. "Got it." She took the document and walked towards the building.
It was not the first time for her to come. Knowing that she was a representative of the company which cooperated with their company, the front desk didn't stop her, and just called the secretary desk of the president's office to inform them.
When Amanda reached the office floor and was ready to go to Stanford's office, she was stopped by the secretary. "Miss Flores, I'm sorry, Mr. James won’t be seeing any guests today."
"I’m here to talk about work with him," Amanda said.
The secretary explained, "I'm afraid you can’t do it too today, why don't you come back tomorrow?"
"Inform him, or I'll break in." Amanda was oppressive.
He used to urge her before, and now he was shutting her out?
The secretary seemed troubled. "Someone’s caused a fuss at the company today. Mr. James is in a very bad mood, and he said he doesn’t want to see anyone today. We only did what we were told, please understand that, Miss Flores."
Amanda slightly raised her eyebrow. "Who dares to make trouble here?"
The secretary said, "This is Mr. James's privacy, and I can’t tell you."
"If that’s the case, I won’t force you. Go and inform him, or I'll break in now."
She was determined to see him today.
As for what happened today, she took out her mobile phone and sent a message to Gerben, asking him to check whether anything had happened to the J&Y Group today.
The secretary didn't expect her to be so stubborn. She had told her everything she should, yet she still insisted to see Mr. James. Knowing that she had cooperation with J&Y, she didn't dare to offend her, and she could only make a phone call.
She dialed the extension.
The call was only picked up after a while. The voice she heard from the end of call was very low.
"Mr. James, Miss Flores came here to see you. She said it was a work matter. She said if I didn't inform you, she’ll break in..."
"Let her in."
He then hung up.
The secretary put down the phone and looked at Amanda. "Please go in, Miss Flores."
Amanda turned and walked in.
Pushing the office door open, she saw Stanford sitting in front of his desk with a pale face. His suit had been taken off, and he was only wearing a white shirt. His shirt was slightly unbuttoned.
Amanda walked in and said exceptionally courteously, "Have you fallen sick, Mr. James?"
Stanford looked at her. When he received the call from his secretary, he was surprised that she would come at this time.
His look was not as cold as usual, and there was some eagerness in his eyes. He had listened to some of George’s words.
He had everything, but he was not happy.
Especially when he lost Amanda.
His world returned to the way it was before he married her. It was all bleak and cold. There was no warmth anymore, and he wanted to get that feeling back.
And Simona was the only one who could give him this feeling.
He wanted this woman to replace Amanda.
"If I am ill, would you care about me?"
"Certainly, we are partners. If anything happens to you, won't all my efforts go to no avail?"
Amanda pulled the chair in front of the desk and sat down.
Stanford leaned back. "You don't sound really sincere."
Amanda looked at him with a smile. "Do you even know what sincerity is?"
She used to treat him sincerely with all her heart, but did he cherish it?
Stanford suddenly clasped the chair handle and stared at her with deep eyes. "Miss Flores, it seems that you are very hostile to me. Did you have any grudge with me before?"
"Are you joking?" Amanda placed the documents on the table. "We are partners and friends, how can we be enemies?"
She pushed the documents to Stanford and deliberately digressed, "You urged me before, but now you don't have to. I’ve brought the business plan here, please have a look."
Stanford didn't intend to look at it, and he continued the topic just now. "Miss Flores, it looks like you’re trying to avoid talking about this, are you afraid of something?"
#####Chapter 925 It was a Trap
"I don't know what you’re talking about, please have a look at the business plan first and let's talk about work." Amanda calmly met his eyes. "I have to say, you look very strange today."
Just then, her mobile phone rang.
She took out her mobile phone, there was a message from . The message was about what happened at the J&Y building’s entrance today. She raised her eyebrow slightly and thought that Stanford only looked brilliant on the outside, and he never had romantic and family love.
"Oh, what's strange about me? I would like to hear from you." Stanford looked at her.
"I heard that you’re always indifferent, but from what I see today, you’re very enthusiastic. Could you possibly fall in love with me?" Amanda smiled. "For your information, I have a boyfriend."
Hearing that made Stanford very upset. He pouted and rumbled, "Please leave, Miss Flores. I'll look at the project plan."
Amanda stood up. "Then I'll leave first. If you have any suggestions, please contact me at any time and I'll revise it."
She turned and walked out.
Stanford only opened the folder she put on the table after she had left for a long while.
When he was viewing the last page, the telephone on the table rang.
He reached for it and put it near his ear.
"Mr. James, I’ve sent you an email. We found that this person had appeared in Aegis Security Services."
Stanford moved the cursor and clicked the new email open. A photo was attached in the email, and he knew that person. It was Abbott Baron.
It was never a secret who Abbott is.
His eyes narrowed. Why would Abbott appear in Aegis Security Services?
Soon he realized something.
His eyes fell onto the plan given by Amanda. The deadline was within a month, but she had done it in just a few days, and there was almost no flaw. Was it because her ability was superb or because it was planned beforehand?
He believed in the latter.
Abbott was Matthew's right-hand man, the person he trusted very much.
Now he had appeared in the Aegis Security Services building, the company he was about to acquire. And having thought about what had happened to Lindsay...
He soon figured out the relationship in between.
He was afraid that what happened to Lindsay had also something to do with Abbott. Otherwise, what Lindsay did before won't be exposed so suddenly.
And she was also doomed to death at one shot, without any room to turn the situation around.
He remembered the USB flash drive he received last time.
Everything seemed jumbled up, but was actually connected to each other.
Abbott came back to avenge Amanda?
He was next after Lindsay?
Aegis Security Services was a trap?
He knew about Abbott. After all, he knew his identity well, but what about Simona?
‘Who exactly is she?’
Was she really Amanda?
His heart suddenly raced. According to his conjecture, he was almost sure that Simona was Amanda.
There were too many similarities. Her mother's surname was Flores too.
Abbott's appearance now can better explain her identity.
She was still alive?
He held back his surging emotion and asked, "What else?"
"We saw him go in and stay for nearly an hour. As for what he said, I don't know. I can't get close," said the man.
That man was sent by Stanford to investigate the Aegis Security Services. He hadn't stopped investigating Aegis. After all, the capital involved in the acquisition case was too large.
"I see, you don't need to further investigate now." Now he can be sure that the acquisition was a trap.
He had sorted out everything. The only thing without proof was Simona's identity.
He stood up. He must find out!
He walked out of the building. Amanda had already left. He stood by the road, took out his mobile phone and dialed Simona's number.
The call was soon picked up.
"Hello?"
"Miss Flores, I have something to tell you about work. Please come to the company right away."
Amanda, sitting in the car, took a look at the time. It was almost six o'clock. She had a meeting with Abbott. It was the first formal meeting between Casimir and Abbott, there couldn’t be any delay.
"Mr. James, I'll go to the company tomorrow morning..."
"No, I want to see you now." He added later, "There is a big problem in the business plan you gave me. I need you to give me a reasonable explanation!"
His attitude was very oppressive, and he hung up.
#####Chapter 926 Arrived
Amanda hesitated and then requested Gerben to turn around.
She thought about the meeting between Casimir and Abbott which would happen sooner or later. She could even arrange this. However, Stanford was linked to the progress of her revenge. 
If he realized what was happening, then all her efforts would be wasted.
She saw Stanford standing by the roadside as soon as she arrived back at the J&Y Group. She had a bad feeling about it. The car stopped and she opened the car door.
“Mr. James…” She said as Stanford grabbed her wrist.
“What are you doing?” Amanda frowned and asked, “Mr. James, let me know what’s wrong with the plan and I’ll amend it.”
Stanford did not bother and continued to firmly pull her towards his car.
Gerben saw that something was not right and went down to stop Stanford, “Please release her.”
Amanda was struggling as well. 
Stanford was sullen and said, “I have something to discuss with Ms. Flores. You’d better not interfere.”
“I’m Ms. Flores’ bodyguard. It’s my responsibility to interfere if you are mistreating her.” Gerben raised his fists.
“Ms. Flores, get him to stand down if you still want to work with me!” Stanford grabbed onto her wrist and did not look like he was about to release her. He turned around and looked at her, “I just want to look for somewhere private to speak to you. Why are you so defensive?”
Amanda retorted, “This is Mr. James’ company. Isn’t this suitable for us to talk?”
“Not here.” Stanford lowered his voice significantly. Now he was seventy per cent sure she was Amanda, otherwise, why would she be so reluctant to be seen at his workplace with him?
The weather was becoming gloomy. The two of them were at an impasse.
Stanford eventually released her and said, “Since Ms. Flores doesn’t trust me, then we should end our business arrangement.”
“But we signed a contract. You will have a penalty for breaking the contract.” Amanda said.
“Don’t you think that I can afford that amount?”
Amanda was speechless. She knew that the penalty amount was insignificant to him.
“Okay, let’s talk in private.” She agreed to Stanford’s demands.
“But…” Gerben wanted to stop them. It was clear that Stanford had something on his mind and he was worried that Stanford would act inappropriately towards Amanda.
Amanda interrupted him, “It’s alright, you may leave. I’ll speak to Mr. James about our business plan.”
Then she said to Stanford, “Mr. James, let’s go.”
Stanford looked at her solemnly and walked towards his car. Amanda turned and said to the worried Gerben, “Go back.”
Thereafter, she entered Stanford’s car.
“Mr. James, I’m curious as to why you are so eager to speak to me privately.”
Stanford looked at her via the rearview mirror and said, “You’ll know very soon.”
The traffic was heavy during the peak hours and it took them half an hour to leave the city limits. Then, it took them an hour to reach their destination. It was a pier in the western suburbs.
The water here was clear but they could not see it at night. There were only lights from the boats at a distance. There were several yachts berthed.
“Mr. James, why did you bring me here at this hour?” Amanda grasped her hands and started to feel nervous. They shared a lot of memories here.
The car stopped and Stanford got out of the car. He walked over to her and opened the door, “We’ve arrived. Please exit the car, Ms. Flores.”
#####Chapter 927 Unable to Pretend Any Further
Amanda was stunned for a moment before forcing a smile, “Mr. James is truly someone who paid attention to details for you to find such a lovely place just to talk business.”
Stanford remained silent as he continued to gesture her to exit the car. Amanda stepped out.
Stanford led the way and there was no one else at the pier. The water was calm except for some sounds of the waves splashing. 
He stepped up a platform and then turned to offer his hand to Amanda and said, “It’s uneven here. I’ll hold onto you.”
Amanda was familiar with this place and know that there would not be any dangers. However, she had to act that it was her first time here. She pretended to look curiously around and then rejected, “Thanks, Mr. James. I will be careful. My boyfriend is very possessive. He will get upset if he knew that I held another man’s hand.”
Each time when Stanford heard her mention her boyfriend, his stomach would churn. He did not insist and retracted his hand.
Once they stepped off the platform, Stanford opened the door to the cabin and entered the yacht. The interior was very luxurious.
“Please have a seat, Ms. Flores.” Stanford walked toward the liquor cabinet.
Amanda looked at the familiar surroundings and felt her blood rushing to her head. She tried hard to calm herself down.
“Mr. James, is this your yacht?” She said as she sat on the sofa. She pretended that everything was normal and appeared curious.
Stanford poured a couple of glasses of Scotch and sat opposite Amanda. He placed a glass in front of her.
“This yacht isn’t mine. To be accurate, it’s my ex-wife’s.” Stanford said and observed her expression.
Amanda smiled, “Really? Then your ex-wife must be very fortunate.”
Stanford took a sip of the Scotch and looked around at the decoration. He pointed towards a painting and said, “I gave her this and that painting was mounted by her. She said that the interior was too cold and the painting would give it a warmer ambience. That’s why she mounted those paintings.”
“Mr. James, let’s get to the business proper. You mentioned that there is a large problem with my business proposal. Can you share with me what that is?” Amanda wanted to quickly discuss this and leave that place.
“Ms. Flores, don’t you know that no matter how carefully you plan, can you avoid the unforeseen from occurring?” Stanford’s statement had hidden messages.
Amanda seemed to notice something amiss but since the contract was signed, he did not appear to suspect anything and should not detect anything wrong. 
Amanda asked, “Oh, then kindly elaborate.”
Stanford was disappointed to see her calm attitude. If she really was Amanda, then her calmness would mean that she had totally given up on him.
He then uncovered a picture frame which was covered with a cloth. It was their wedding photograph. In the photograph, Amanda was wearing a white wedding gown and he was wearing a black suit. They were both standing in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Amanda instantly clenched her fists when she saw that photograph. Although her action was very minute, Stanford still noticed it.
Yet again, he was a step closer to confirming the true identity of Amanda.
“She said that the Eiffel Tower is the most romantic location. We took our photograph there and our honeymoon…”
“Mr. James!” Amanda interrupted him and forced a smile, “I am here for work and not to listen to you and your ex-wife’s romantic stories. I am pressed for time. Can we focus on the key topic?”
Stanford was now smiling when he noticed that she could not pretend any further.
#####Chapter 928 Reward You with a Kiss
“Amy, do you know what I’m telling you these?” Stanford tested her.
Amanda was stunned and then snapped to her senses, “Sorry, you must be mistaken. I’m Amanda and not Amy.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, I mistook Ms. Flores as my ex-wife. You look so much like her.” Stanford did not hide and looked at her in detail and said, “I thought of her when I saw you.”
Amanda turned away and said, “Mr. James, you’ve had a little too much.”
He stood up and walked towards the window and stared into the darkness, “We had an open relationship. She loved me very much and gave herself to me over here…”
Amanda bit her lips to remain in control of herself and not rush to ask him why did he hurt her since he knew that she loved him. She managed to control herself.
“Mr. James, are you done?”
“She liked to hug me from behind and kiss my cheeks and remain in my embrace. She would tell me how much she loved me.” Suddenly he turned around and said, “Would a woman stop loving a man she once loved deeply?”
Amanda tightly pursed her lips. She reason why she liked to hug him from behind was that she noticed that whenever he had something troubling him, he would stand alone and stare into the distance. She wanted to surprise him, give him warmth, comfort him. So each time she would creep up behind him and hug him tightly and ask him coyly, “Guess who?”
However, each time he would not play along and expose her. She would not mind and said, “Congratulations, I’ll give you a kiss as a reward for guessing correctly.”
She knew that Stanford was not doted upon by his parents. That was why she kept telling him how much she loved him to show him that there was someone who loved him even if his parents do not.
Perhaps it was Stanford who kept it from her, she did not know that his mother was a stepmother.
At that time, she endeavoured to give him a warm family and let him feel what it was like to have a happy and loving family. In the end, it was he who destroyed all the opportunities.
“If Mr. James did not disappoint her, then she should be happy wherever she was. However, If Mr. James betrayed her, then she would definitely be cursing you to hell.”
Stanford grabbed his glass tightly and then asked, “Would she really curse me to hell?”
Amanda laughed, “You seem to love her very much so you must not have hurt her. That meant that she wouldn’t hate you.”
She seemed to have touched a nerve and caused Stanford’s expression to change for the worse.
He did hurt her very deeply. Did she hate him?
Amanda looked at the time and said, “Mr. James, it’s getting late. Shall we continue with our business discussion?”
Stanford held onto the glass tightly and said, “Ms. Flores, I’m not satisfied with your business plan.”
Amanda stood up and asked, “Please elaborate, Mr. James.”
“The first quotation was too high.” Stanford picked an excuse. The business plan was close to perfect however, that was by itself abnormal. He simply picked a problem with the plan so that he could spend more time with her.
“Mr. James, please don’t make me doubt your professionalism.  The first quotation was already the cheapest. Now you’re telling me that it’s too high?”
“You may doubt me and similarly I can suspect you.” His words were loaded.
“What do you suspect me of?” Amanda was unsettled. She kept feeling that he had a motive but could not figure what it was.
Stanford walked towards her which caused Amanda to take a couple of steps backwards to maintain their distance. He caught her wrist and she was firmly pulled towards him.
“Ah!” Amanda fell into his embrace and she yelled, “What the hell are you doing?”
Stanford grinned, “I can approve your business plan but I have a condition.”
“What condition?” 
Stanford looked at her and softly said, “Be my girlfriend.”
Amanda clenched her fists when she thought about how heartless this man was. She had just ‘died’ for a year and he always had Lindsay by his side. Now that Lindsay was imprisoned, he was so quick to find another woman?
“I already have a boyfriend. I request Mr. James to respect my privacy.” She struggled but the more she struggled, the more Stanford he held onto her waist and embraced her.
“Release me!” Amanda yelled.
Stanford held tightly onto her and did not release his grip regardless of how she struggled, “Ms. Flores, why are you so agitated. Do you want something to occur between us?”
Amanda was speechless.
“You, you scoundrel! My boyfriend would beat you up when he finds out about this!”
“Oh? Does he really love you that much?”
“Yes! He does!”
“Then do you love him?” Stanford whispered into her ear and intentionally let his warm breath caress her skin. He knew that that area was her erotic zone. Each time he did that in the past she would blush and become turned on.
Even when they were together every day as husband and wife, she would still be aroused by that action.
“Hmm… so you are a cradle snatcher. As far as I know, aren’t you much older than your boyfriend?”
#####Chapter 929 Despicable
“What has love got to do with age?” Amanda snapped back and became very insistent, “Mr. James, I will sue you for harassment if you don’t release me!”
Stanford laughed and said softly, “You look so much like her when you’re agitated.”
Amanda retorted, “Mr. James, you act like a gentleman but you are nothing but a scoundrel!”
Stanford placed his lips even closer to her ears and gently touched her ear. Amanda glared her eyes wide open and goosebumps broke out all over her.
He gently said suggestively, “Ms. Flores, there are always sacrifices when you want to attain your objectives. If you’re willing to become my girlfriend, then I’ll give you anything you want on a silver platter.”
Amanda rejected immediately, “I will never betray my boyfriend!”
“I don’t believe!” He then released Amanda. He was certain that she would look for him on her own.
Amanda glared at him angrily, “Despicable!”
“I won’t deny if you think of me that way.” Stanford sat on the sofa and poured a glass of Scotch.
He took a sip, placed the glass down, and said, “I look forward to Ms. Flores’ new business proposal.”
Amanda clenched her fists and said coldly, “I will have something that will satisfy you!”
After that, she exited the cabin and stepped down from the platform, and saw Gerben standing below the street lamp and leaning against it while waiting for her.
“Didn’t I ask you to leave? Why are you still here?” Amanda frowned.
“It’s my responsibility to protect you. I can’t leave even if you dismissed me. Come, I’ll take you back to the hotel.” Gerben unlocked the car with his key fob and walked towards the car to open the door.
Amanda entered the car and suddenly realized that she was supposed to arrange for a meeting between Abbott and Casimir. She asked, “What time is it?”
“Nine o’clock,” Gerben answered as he started the car. He almost went to look for Amanda if she still had not exited the yacht.
“Nine?!” Amanda quickly took out her cellphone. She had agreed to invite Abbott for dinner. Now, Casimir must be upset with her.
“Are you calling Mr. Baron?” Gerben looked at her via the rearview mirror, “if so, then I’ll inform you that Mr. Baron had left. He tried to call you but couldn’t reach you so he wanted me to tell you.”
“What? Left?” She removed her cellphone and noticed that it could not be turned on perhaps the battery was flat. No wonder she did not receive a call from Casimir.
She had agreed to let Casimir meet Abbott but stood them up. Now Abbott must be very upset that he could not contact Amanda. Amanda then told Gerben Casimir’s address. She had to go to see Casimir now.
When they arrived, they could not find him at his home. Furthermore, the company had closed for the day and there were no other workers there except for the security guards.
“Why don’t you explain to him tomorrow?” Gerben said.
There was nothing more that Amanda could do other than to return to the hotel, charge up her phone, and then give him a call.
Once the car arrived at the hotel, she exited the car and saw Casimir looking gloomy as he sat next to the fountain. She quickly walked over.
“Casimir.”
Casimir raised his head and stood up in surprise. Then his joy turned into anger, “Amanda, what’s the meaning of this? You agreed to set up a meeting with Abbott. I started to prepare myself this afternoon, worrying about what to wear and what I should speak to him about. I was very nervous and worried but I still had to meet him to say something. When it drew nearer to the evening, I tried in vain to contact you. You can let me know if you don’t want me to meet him. Why do you lie to me repeatedly?”
He failed to contact her no matter how he tried. He was worried sick about whether she had met with some danger. Now that he saw that she was safe, he was upset that she did not take him seriously. She knew that person but did not tell him. However, he understood when she explained to him.
But what about now? Did she take his issue seriously?
“I truly regard you as a friend but you repeatedly lie to me.”
“I’m sorry, I did not do it on purpose. Something came up which distracted me.” This was caused by her, “Casimir, I’m really sorry.”
Since she had apologized, Casimir could not continue to blame her, but he remained upset with the matter. He just felt that she did not place any importance on him.
“I’ll let you have a chance to redeem yourself. I want to meet him tomorrow afternoon.”
“Casimir…” Amanda was really apologetic and said, “He had left. You definitely won’t be able to see him tomorrow…”
“Amanda!” Now Casimir was really upset, “Are you taking me as a fool?”
“No, no.” Amanda held onto his hand and explained, “I did not do it on purpose. Stanford made things difficult for me which caused my delay.”
Casimir looked at her and asked, “What did Stanford do?”
“He picked problems with the business plan,” Amanda replied.
Casimir frowned, “Isn’t that business plan close to perfect?” He knew about the importance of the plan and knew that Amanda was setting Stanford up.
“Did he suspect anything?” Casimir asked.
Amanda could not tell and what happened that night was unusual but she was unable to put a finger on it.
She shook her head, “I don’t know what’s going on with him.”
“He’s devious and who knows that he is scheming now.” Casimir understood Stanford. The industry commented that Stanford was sinister and vicious. He could rise to this position all due to his abilities.
“Let’s go up.” Amanda was very unsettled by what happened tonight. Casimir followed her up.
Once in the room, Amanda sat on the sofa and felt very depressed and frustrated. Everything would be lost if Stanford realized that it was a trap.
She did not want to depend on her parents but everything she did failed.
Casimir was upset with her but now started to comfort her, “He would have stopped any cooperation with you if he had detected anything. He would not pick problems with your plan. Perhaps there were some details that we missed. We’ll start over again.”
Amanda rested her head on Casimir’s shoulder and said, “Casimir, do you know how much I hate him?”
Casimir’s body stiffened up and then turned to look at her. He could feel her aura at that close distance. He wanted to place his arm around her shoulder but after a while, he decided not to.
“I will help you. Just let me know whatever you need from me.”
“Why are you so nice to me. I never helped you at all.” Amanda looked at him and continued, “Casimir, I will definitely arrange for you to meet Abbott.”
“Sigh.” Casimir sighed, “Forget it. Perhaps it’s not time yet. I don’t blame you. Also…”
He looked down and then controlled his mood, “We are friends, of course, I will be nice to you.”
#####Chapter 930 No Signs of Weathering
Amanda sighed, “You are already entangled in so much and yet have to worry about me.” She then looked at him and asked, “Could it be that you like me?” She joked to try to ease the tension.
Casimir tried to avoid her look and then chuckled, “I like someone younger than me.”
Amanda was speechless.
She pretended to be angry and said, “Then don’t walk together with me, otherwise others would think that I’m your aunt.”
Casimir laughed and asked, “Did I touch a nerve?”
“Would you be happy if I said that you look like an uncle?” Amanda asked in return.
“I do look like an uncle but could you resist my charming good looks?” 
Amanda was speechless again.
“Narcissist.” Amanda scoffed.
Casimir smiled and turned her head around to look at himself, “Tell me, am I handsome?”
Amanda slapped away his hand and scolded, “Do not touch!”
Casimir was speechless.
“It’s getting late, you should go home now.” Amanda stood up and wanted to be alone.
Casimir looked at her and said, “Okay, I’ll leave first. Call me anytime you need something.”
“Okay,” Amanda replied.
After Casimir left, Amanda laid on the bed without washing up. She tossed and turned for a long time and still could not fall asleep. She got out of bed to revise the business proposal. She had worked on this proposal since her return and it was near perfect after multiple corrections. The only way to revise it was to revisit the original ideas and start all over again.
Time passed quickly when she was engrossed with the work. The day was almost breaking and she did not sleep for the entire night. In the end, she was so tired that she slumped onto the table and fell asleep.
Her cellphone rang when it was close to midday. She woke up and tried to reach for her cellphone in a daze. It was a message sent by Joshua which contained a picture.
She looked at the person in the picture which instantly snapped her to her senses. She rubbed her eyes to look carefully.
In the picture were four people who sat at a table. It included Joshua, Bonnie and her parents. In the picture, Dolores wore a traditional Thailand gown. She did not like to make up since she was young but yet her complexion remained fair and without blemish. She had not changed other than some slight wrinkles at the corner of her eyes. The eyes spoke volumes of her past but her face did not show any signs of wear all thanks to Matthew taking good care of her.
When Amanda was ten years old, Dolores had an unplanned pregnancy. She had complications when she gave birth to Joshua which resulted in the doctor telling her that she could not bear any more kids.
As a result, Matthew tried to prevent her from getting pregnant to avoid her getting hurt but once again, she became pregnant.
Women are emotional and could not give up the pregnancy knowing that the fetus was healthy.
However, Matthew was insistent and brought her to the hospital. Before the abortion, she cried and asked Matthew, “Doesn’t it affect you to abandon on your flesh and blood?”
She as a mother would feel sad and Matthew was the father and had to sign to approve the procedure to end his child’s life. How could he not be sad about it?
He felt equally bad but he could not risk Dolores’ life. The risks were too great.
Matthew persisted even upon Dolores’ pleas. In the end, Dolores insisted that Matthew stood beside her to witness the entire procedure.  
Dolores laid on the operating table and then told him, “I probably will never forgive you for this.” After saying this, she closed her eyes and refused to look at him.
After this event, Dolores kept feeling guilty for killing her own child and was never the same again.
Joshua went to C city when Amanda and Andrew reached adulthood. Thereafter Matthew brought Dolores to Thailand. Thailand was in the tropics and its average temperature was between 24 to 30 degrees Celsius. The lowest temperature would not go below 18 degrees Celsius.
Matthew bought a house in Chiang Mai and was ready to stay there permanently. The weather at Chiang Mai was great and the temperature was mild. It was very suitable for Dolores’ health. She had gone through miscarriage and childbirth and did not recover fully from it. Matthew had planned to do this long ago but did not due to the tender age of the kids. They went there when the children grew up.
They seldom come back.
Amanda thought about that place when she saw the picture. The house had traditional Thai architecture with a red and white pavilion in the centre. The sides had large glass panel windows with a wooden frame. The surroundings were specially landscaped and maintained by gardeners. The garden was beautiful and excellent for recuperation and relaxation.
She began to miss that place. She placed down the phone and went to the bathroom to shower.
She relaxed considerably after the hot shower. She realized that she was hungry and was about to go to the restaurant for a bite when Gerben came.
Gerben told her that Lindsay was sentenced to life imprisonment due to manslaughter.
Amanda hardly reacted to the news as these were all committed willingly by Lindsay.
“Have you eaten?” Amanda asked.
“Are you asking about breakfast or lunch?” Gerben asked. It was too late for breakfast and too early for lunch.
“Lunch of course.” Amanda pressed the elevator to go down.
Gerben then replied, “I’ll join you.”
“Oh, have you seen the news today?” Gerben asked.
Amanda turned to look at him wondering what could be more interesting than Lindsay’s sentence.
#####Chapter 931 Intimate Photo
Gerben knew that she hadn’t read today’s news as he took a look at her expression. He took out his phone, searched a piece of news and handed his phone to her, “Look at it.”
Amanda could see the photo shown on the screen before she took the phone, in which Stanford opened the door for her at the pier. At that time, the car was parked under the streetlights. The photo was taken clearly, and another picture showed them entering the yacht together.
It also came with a headline, ‘Boss of J&Y Group met beautiful woman on yacht and spent the night together’.
Stanford had a new relationship a year after the death of his ex-wife and spent the night inside a yacht at the dock with a mysterious beauty.
The reason why it was called a mysterious beauty was that the origin of this woman couldn’t be found out and she suddenly appeared on Stanford’s bed …
The news was written in an extremely eye-catching way.
Amanda frowned as those unscrupulous media took her out of context. They just wrote that she went in but didn’t go out and straight away said that she had spent the night in the yacht. It was nonsense.
Gerben took his phone back and found another news, which George James was making trouble at J&Y Group, “Your scandal with Stanford has heated up and received more attention than the previous news.”
After saying that, he commented directly, “The public nowadays like to watch the feuds of gentry and even prefer to see the interesting love lives of those famous figures.”
This comment seemed to remind Amanda. She looked up at him, “Was he doing this on purpose?
Gerben froze for a moment as he didn’t get what she meant. He just understood after a while, “You mean he deliberately used the news with you to suppress the news about him and George?”
Amanda said, “It isn’t the first time I’ve met with him. How come it’s such a coincidence this time? It’s even at the remote dock and the photos were taken so clearly. Whenever how I think about it, it seems like premeditation.”
Stanford had made excuses to talk to her about work and had even demanded to meet privately in a forceful manner.
If they had been at J&Y Group back then, this news wouldn’t appear.
“There’s nothing he won’t do.” She snorted coldly and her eyes were filled with coldness. This ruthless man was still good at playing tricks.
She clenched her hands hard.
“Do we need to clarify?” he asked.
“It’s useless to clarify, unless …”
At this moment, she saw Casimir Bailey who was standing at the door of lift when it opened.
“Why are you here?” she was surprised at his appearance.
After all, they just met last night.
“Is it because of the news?” she asked as she walked down.
Casimir huffed, “Why is Stanford so shameless? When had you spent the night with him?”
The news was written vividly with photos. If he didn’t know that Amanda had spent the night in a hotel when she returned last night, he would have taken it seriously.
Amanda looked at him, “You also think that he was on purpose about the matter last night, right?”
“Of course,” He said affirmatively. If there wasn’t news of Stanford and George at first, he might not have thought so when the news of Amanda and Stanford broke suddenly.
However, the truth was that the first news had heated up initially as the public loved to concern about the feud between gentry, yet the news that broke immediately afterwards directly suppressed the previous one.
The intention was really obvious.
“I’ll clarify,” She said.
“How?” he asked.
She walked towards the restaurant and said, “I stayed in hotel and there are surveillance cameras all over the place. There must be footage when I came back yesterday. Later on, go to the hotel and ask for a screenshot, let Gerben ask several media to post it online, then I can proof it.”
At this time, they walked to the restaurant. It was quite empty, so she casually found a seat and sat down. The waiter came over.
She took the menu, flipped through it, looked up at Casimir and asked, “Have you eaten yet? Do you want to eat some?”
“No.”
Amanda said, “Okay.” She averted her eyes and looked at Gerben, “What about you? What do you want to eat?”
“You order whatever you want. I’m not picky on food,” He answered.
“Um.” She replied, then ordered a few dishes that were enough for two people to eat, closed the menu and said, “These will do.”
“Yes,” The waiter replied.
Soon their meal was served. Casimir had a lot of things to say, but he tried he best to hold back as he saw Amanda eating.
After finished eating, Gerben stood up and said, “I’ll go and find the manager of hotel and try to settle the matter.”
She hadn’t finished eating yet and was chewing food. She said without haste, “Actually there’s no use to clarify it since the news has heated up and suppressed that news against Stanford. It will probably only make the news more popular if clarifying it now.”
“Yes, yes, yes. Clarification would only be palliative,” He said.
She took a sip of water and asked, “You’ve an opinion?”
He smirked, then got closer and said, “If you got married to another man at this juncture, would this news be self-defeating?”
She almost sprayed him with water, “What kind of lame idea is this? I’m getting married to a man just because of a made-up story? Am I crazy or are you talking nonsense?”
He smiled, “Actually, I think this is a very good idea …”
“It’s ridiculous,” She interrupted him.
Gerben who stood by had no idea if they should clarify it, he asked, “Do I still need to ask the hotel for a screenshot to clarify today’s new?”
“Go! Of course!” Before Amanda could reply, Casimir quickly answered.
As he saw the news, he came over in a hurry to look for Amanda so that Stanford wouldn’t take advantage.
Gerben didn’t listen to him and his eyes were still focusing on Amanda.
Casimir looked at Gerben and Amanda alternately, “You wouldn’t be unwilling, right?”
“I …”
“Do you still love that scum who harmed you?” Before she could explain, Casimir interrupted her again.
Amanda felt that she should be the one who cared about this news. How come Casimir cared more than her?
“I’ll take your word for it.” She went along with him.
“Then add one more piece of news, announce that I’m your boyfriend.”
He took out his phone and got closer to her. She was confused, so she moved backwards. However, he put her arms around her shoulders, put his cheek next with hers and took an intimate photo.
After taking the photo, he looked at it again and felt satisfied as they looked intimate, “In the meantime you clarify, you have to state that you have a boyfriend right now.”
Amanda looked at him, “Boyfriend? You?”
“Yeah, so I’m your boyfriend.”
“Is that fake?”
“Yes, but we have to make Stanford believe that it’s real.” He took his phone and asked Gerben for his number, “What’s your number? I’ll send you the photo.”
At this moment…
In the CEO’s office of J&Y Group…
#####Chapter 932 Exactly as the Same as Before
Stanford was browsing today’s news. Amanda had really misunderstood this matter as it wasn’t him who did it on purpose. He just didn’t stop it when he noticed someone filming secretly.
Thus, this news was being published today.
After all, media nowadays didn’t write the news according to veracity, they just wrote in the way that could win people’s attraction.
He put down his phone and thought, ‘What would be Amanda’s expression when she saw it?’
He couldn’t help but smiled as some anticipation arose suddenly. But soon, his expression changed.
It was because he received a message from Atwood Barret, informing him that his previous home with Amanda had been cleaned up and he could move in any time.
He felt overwhelmed suddenly as he had to face everything that had happened there when he returned.
Those memories that he had deliberately neglected, were still clear in his mind, however.
And those tenderness and warmth she gave.
Since he realized Simona might be Amanda, he began to try to confront everything that had happened in the past, including the feelings that he hadn’t discovered before and had hidden deep inside his heart.
He wanted to face his true self.
He had already missed her once. If God gave him another chance, he would grab it.
He picked up his coat, stood up and walked out of the office.
It was a beautiful sunny day. This reminded him of the brilliant woman in his life.
He drove to the villa and Atwood was still there.
In just a day’s time, the place was completely different from before.
The lawn in front of the villa was manicured. It was all cleaned up as there were no fallen leaves.
Atwood walked over, “I watched them clean the house inside just now.”
Everything inside was unchanged and every item that had been wiped was placed in its original position.
Stanford nodded, “You can go back.”
He nodded.
Stanford stood at the door. The place almost returned to its original appearance when she was there. The open lintel and clean courtyard were seen. He adjusted his mood and stepped in.
The house was the same as when she had left, even the teacups were in their original position.
Here was the place he didn’t dare to face this past year.
He had spent a total of three years here with her.
Within these thousand days and nights, there were too many unforgettable memories.
He walked over to the sofa and his mind was like the movie screen, showing her desperate face when he proposed the divorce.
His hands clenched tightly, and his heart ached. He just felt her pain and helplessness back then at this moment.
She had trusted him so much and had given him everything trustfully.
Yet he …
He breathed repeatedly to make himself stay conscious. He pulled the drawer as the divorce papers she had signed back then was put in it.
He closed the drawer quickly as he was unwilling to touch the memories that hurt her so much.
If some things could be forgotten, it would be great. He thought, ‘There would be no regret and heartache at this moment if he had forgotten it.’
Suddenly, he remembered that there were surveillance cameras in the house and the screenshot of the flash drive he received last time was obviously taken by his house’s surveillance cameras.
Could it be that someone had come to his house?
He walked towards the study room.
He opened the door and immediately saw everything in the room. The window was open, and the breeze was blowing.
Perhaps it had been too long since anyone had stayed in the house, it seemed somewhat lonely and silent.
He walked towards the desk and sat down in the chair. Everything on the desk was exactly the same as before. Then he switched on the computer.
Soon the computer booted up and he moved the mouse.
#####Chapter 933 Extremely Heartbroken
Stanford clicked on the surveillance device to check if it had been used by someone. He thought for a moment and checked the surveillance footage of the day when he proposed divorce and also the day when something happened with Amanda. He adjusted the time and clicked to view it. However, the video on that day was gone.
Obviously it had been removed by someone.
He thought, ‘The person who gave me the flash drive should have done it.’ He should have thought that her parents shouldn’t have been so calm. If she had really died, he wouldn’t have survived until now.
There was no evidence at all, and it was based on his speculation. He was sure that Simona and Amanda were the same person.
The more certain he was, the more he felt scared.
He was afraid of how he was going to face it when the truth came out.
As he thought that she would never love him truly, he was extremely heartbroken.
He moved his mouse to turn off the device, but accidentally clicked on the browsing history. There was a record which someone had watched what he had just viewed a short time ago.
Who was the person?
Suddenly he squinted. Had someone been here?
Since the house had been cleaned, there was no traces at all.
He looked up the time on the browsing history and soon he saw the person who walked in through the surveillance camera.
His hands shivered when he saw the woman’s face clearly.
It was her! It was really her!
She …wasn’t dead, she was back.
He was stunned as he stared at the video screen which she opened the door and entered the house.
She remembered the password and knew everything in the house.
Her gaze …
His hands that placed on the table clenched tightly.
He couldn’t suppress the indescribable emotions in his heart.
Squeak.
In the video, she was pushing the door open. Her every move and even a light sound could be heard clearly because it was too quiet.
He could see that she was also checking what happened that day through the surveillance device. Soon she found out that only the footage which she was being taken away was missing. 
As she wanted to leave, she accidentally dropped a book.
That book was something Stanford was familiar with.
He watched every change in her expression when she saw the pictures in the book. At first, she looked surprised and instantly her expression changed as she understood his hatred towards her.
At this moment, she was extremely sad.
She fell into the chair and muttered to herself, but every word was clearly heard by Stanford.
“Stanford, you’ve deceived me so much. Why I’m so stupid to trust you and even want to have a child with you?”
She couldn’t hold back the tears. The tears rolled down slowly, “I’ve lived with you for three years. Don’t you know about me? Do you know Boyce and I almost died in that car accident too? How can you think that we’ve harmed your mother?”
She placed her hand over her heart and was unable to calm down herself. She felt hurt as he didn’t understand her at all and even imagined her to be a vicious person. Her pain, her remorse, and every word she said replayed in front of Stanford.
Once it was Amanda sitting here and crying desperately.
But now, it was his turn.
He just sat in front of desk motionless and watched the video over and over again.
After a long while…
He took his phone to call Atwood and asked him to look into the car accident that happened last time.
He must find out what was going on in the car accident that year.
What exactly caused that car accident?
On the other end, Atwood was surprised as why he wanted to investigate something which had occurred so long ago. After all, the car accident was caused by the Nelson family.
His mother had also died in that car accident. 
What was the point to investigate it?
“Investigate all the ins and outs clearly. You don’t need to worry about the company’s affairs during this period, just investigate this matter.”
He replied, “Okay.”
Even though he was curious, he didn’t ask.
After hanging up the phone, he put down his phone, stood up and walked towards the window.
From dawn to dusk…
He had no idea how long the time had gone as he forgot it totally.
The vast night sky was full of stars.
He stared out of the window alone. As meteor streaked across the night sky, he reached out his hand and wanted to catch the falling stars with the look of her bright smile engraved in his mind.
But how can one keep a falling star?
Tears blurred his vision, and she would never smile at him.
Stanford stayed at the villa for two days and two nights without seeing anyone and attending to the business affairs.
Until the third day, he appeared at the office.
It was still the same indifferent look.
No one knew how he had spent the past two days and what he had experienced.
The car stopped in front of the office.
He pushed the door open and got out of the car. He looked fine with his black suit and cleaned face.
He was about to walk towards the building when another car came from the parking space next to him. Casimir lowered the window and smiled at him when he saw Stanford, “Mr. James.”
The clarification of the news had done and had come to rest.
Thus, he was in a good mood.
The way he looked at Stanford was somewhat smug.
On the contrary, Stanford looked indifferent. He ignored his words, but his gaze fell on the woman who pushed the door open and came down behind him.
His hands started to clench tightly.
#####Chapter 934 I’ll Decide 
Amanda had the document in her hand and greeted him with a smile, “Mr. James.”
He nodded slightly.
She walked from the back of the car, looked at Casimir and said, “You go back first, I’ll take a taxi back after I finish talking with Mr. James.”
“I’m worried as there is no one around you. I’ll wait for you downstairs; otherwise you may on the news again.” He alluded to something.
Stanford seemed not to have heard it, turned around and walked towards the building. Even though he looked unconcerned, his hands were clenching tightly, and his face looked fierce. This constantly showed that he wasn’t as calm as he looked.
She glanced at Casimir.
Casimir wasn’t afraid of making trouble, he looked at Stanford’s back and said, “If Mr. James is still a man, don’t embarrass her. I think Mr. James can’t even find the loopholes in the project, it’s really not a gentleman’s act to do so on purpose.”
Initially Stanford didn’t want to quarrel with him, but at this moment, he resented his smug look. He paused and turned around to look at him, “I just want to do so. What can you do to me?”
He was speechless.
He pushed the door open and wanted to get out of car. She hurriedly pressed against the door and warned in a low voice, “Don’t spoil my matter, okay?”
His eyes twitched slightly, and he said angrily, “Is this kind of person considered a man?”
“You’re not marrying him. Why you care whether if he is a man? Be honest and don’t spoil my matter.”
After saying that, she glanced at him with warning, then quickly caught up with Stanford and explained, “Mr. James, don’t mind about it. He was angry about the news a few days ago.”
He didn’t say anything and went into the lift in silence.
Amanda followed him and asked, “Is Mr. James angry?”
“Um,” He turned his head to look at her and said, “But I’m not angry with him. No one can make me upset. I’m just angry at myself.”
It seemed to have another meaning in his words, but she didn’t understand. She just smiled and said, “I’ve redid the project plan.”
He asked, “Do you care about this collaboration?”
She replied, “Of course, it’s not I want as it’s supposed to be a win-win partnership.”
“Is that so?” he smiled, “Are you sure that I can still win after I sign the contract?”
Amanda was nervous as he seemed to sense something.
She calmed down herself and said with smile, “Of course it’s both of our interests since we work together.”
He lowered his eyes and hid all his thoughts.
Soon the lift stopped, he stepped down while Amanda followed him closely and asked, “Is Mr. James not satisfied with the business case I’ve done, or do you have any other comments?”
He said, “I don’t have any objection, I’m happy to …”
Suddenly he stopped, looked at her and said word by word, “I’m happy to work with Ms. Flores.”
Amanda let out a sigh of relief; she thought he wasn’t willing to work with her because he had found out something.
She smiled, “I’m also happy to work with Mr. James.”
He smiled, yet there was a hidden disappointment.
Cooperation meant that he would fall into the trap she had set for him and might lose everything.
When he reached the office, he opened the door.
Amanda sat on the chair in front of the desk, put the document on the table and moved it towards him, “Take a look at it, Mr. James. If there is anything unsuitable, I can still change it.”
He didn’t look at it and said, “I believe in Ms. Flores’s capability.”
He took out a pen from the pen holder, opened the document in front of him and signed his name.
Amanda was a bit shocked as he was so straightforward this time as he had been deliberately embarrassed her before.
She couldn’t understand what he meant.
“Does Mr. James trust or distrust me?” Obviously he was distrustful back then, yet he seemed determined and he trusted her so much this time.
“Of course I trust you.” He moved the signed document towards her, “Let’s follow Ms. Flores’s project plan.”
Both of them looked at each other. Although they looked calm, they both had their own thoughts in mind. She smiled and said, “Alright, I won’t disappoint Mr. James.”
She even pronounced the word ‘disappoint’ in a heavy tone.
He raised his hand and glanced at his watch, “It’ll soon be noon. Now that we’ve made collaboration, how about I treat Ms. Flores a dinner as a celebration?”
Without waiting for her to speak, he said again, “By the way, I apologize to you for the news a few days ago.”
After that, he stood up and didn’t give her any time to make decision at all, “Let’s go.”
Amanda was speechless.
She looked at the signed document, then blandly accepted his invitation, “That’s fine.”
Two of them left the company together.
Stanford drove the car.
They didn’t go to restaurant as he brought her to the supermarket.
“Mr. James …”
“To be sincere, I think it should be what I cook personally.”
He parked the car and got down to open the door for her, “Please come down, Ms. Flores.”
Since she had promised him, she couldn’t refuse and could only get out of the car.
They entered the supermarket. He didn’t ask her what she liked to eat as he knew all about her preferences and predilections.
At first, she didn’t think much of it, but she felt somewhat flustered when he bought all the things she liked afterwards. She had no idea what he meant.
“Mr. James, you haven’t asked me what I liked to eat since you invited me for dinner.”
“I know what Miss Lin likes.” He took another pack of snacks and put them into the trolley.
She started to become a little unsettled, “How does Mr. James know my preferences?”
“As I said, you’re very much alike with my ex-wife, so I think your preferences should be similar. If Ms. Flores doesn’t like it, there is no other choice. I’ll decide what to eat since I’m the one who treat you.” He pushed the trolley, “Let’s go to check out.”
Amanda was speechless.
#####Chapter 935 Daughter-in-law Whom She Had Chosen Personally
He was overbearing and made her speechless. She followed him and queued behind the checkout counter in silence.
“I used to do the same with my ex-wife. I pushed the trolley and she stood beside me.”
She had a good family background, so she didn’t really need to do such things. However, she always liked to come with him and said that she wanted to live simply like ordinary people, then held his arms and said, “Simple happiness is the true happiness.”
At that time, he didn’t understand what that meant at all. Now he just realized that she really loved him truly.
But he didn’t cherish her.
The only thing in his mind was his mother who had passed away.
“I’m not interested in Mr. James’s relationship.” She looked ahead calmly and didn’t dodge on purpose.
Probably it was because she didn’t care anymore, so she wasn’t afraid. The reason she felt nervous about what he said before was because she was afraid that he would know her identity.
She realized that mentioning his ex-wife was his norm.
Perhaps he would only feel her love when she was dead.
Soon it was their turn, he pushed the trolley to put those things one by one at the checkout counter. After a short while, the cashier scanned through all the items.
They walked out after he had made the payment.
When they reached the car, he put the things into the trunk and then got in the car and left.
After the car drove for a while, Amanda noticed that he was driving in the direction …towards villa. She asked, “Mr. James, where are we going?”
“My home,” He said without looking away.
Home?
Amanda wondered seriously if he knew something. As far as she knew, the villa had been ‘deserted’.
As she was thinking, they had already reached the destination. Even if they just reached the door, she noticed that the place had been tidied up and it looked completely different from when she had come before.
This …
She calmed down herself and pretended to be relaxed, “Mr. James, is this your home?”
“Yes.” After answering her, he pushed the door open to get out of the car. Then he opened the trunk to take out those things and carried in his hands, saying, “Let’s go.”
Amanda followed him.
Along the way she pretended to be here for the first time, she toured for a while and said, “This villa is nice, but the decoration isn’t so good.”
Almost everything here was arranged by her as she had put in her entire effort.
At that time, she wanted their home to be simple and cozy but not flashy.
As it turned out, the home she had decorated was ‘flashy’, and people said that they were a perfect match.
However, it was all superficial. He had never loved her and made it as his home. Others thought they were happy, yet it was a trap for his revenge.
She just fell into this trap without knowing it and foolishly thought it was love.
Heh…
So ridiculous…
Stanford looked at her and smiled, “I thought you would like here.”
“How could it be possible? It’s not my home anyway.”
“Maybe it is,” He whispered.
Amanda didn’t hear him clearly and asked, “Mr. James, what did you say?”
He replied, “I said, Ms. Flores doesn’t need to be so polite when you come to my house. Treat this place as your own.”
She deliberately drew the line and said, “Home is a shelter and a mother’s embrace. There is neither shelter nor mother’s embrace. How can it be my home, I don’t dare to do so.”
He stared at her deeply and didn’t respond, but simply said, “Ms. Flores can visit as you please.”
After saying that, he carried the things to the kitchen.
She stood in the living room. The place was still exactly the same as before and nothing had changed. The only thing that changed was them.
She no longer had the same state of mind as that time.
She didn’t move anything in the house, she just sat on the sofa quietly, took out her phone and sent a message to Joshua: Are you back?
Probably he was playing phone at this moment as he replied almost in seconds: No.
An image was sent immediately afterwards.
It was a beautiful sunny day there, the trees in the image were green and leafy, the flowers were beautiful, and they seemed to in the pavilion in front of the wooden building.
The white gauze curtain of the pavilion swayed gently with the wind and there was a square table on the carpet with the flowers used to make the garlands.
Dolores was teaching Bonnie the way to make garlands.
She had lived there for a long time, so she had learnt many traditional skills and got used to the life and folklore there.
She enjoyed the peace and quietness.
He texted: Mum is teaching her future daughter-in-law to make a garland.
As she looked at the photo and his message, she smiled and replied: It seems that mum is very satisfied with this daughter-in-law.
There was a moment of silence over there. Then he replied: Would she be dissatisfied with the daughter-in-law whom she had chosen personally?
Amanda quickly replied: I remember it was Jasmine who booked you first.
He replied: …
Then he texted: Why do you make me sound like a commodity?
She replied: Haha. Then she sent a big laughing emoji and texted: Yes, you are.
He replied: …
Then he texted: Where are you now? How come you have time to chat with me?
She paused for a moment and replied: I miss you, okay?
A super surprised emoji was sent by Joshua.
He replied: You’ve found your conscience?
Amanda replied: …
This seemed to show that she had no conscience.
Joshua replied: I thought you only want to get back at Stanford and totally forget your family.
Amanda lost her mood as the word ‘Stanford’ was enough to make her unhappy.
She immediately replied: Don’t mention him. There is no more of this man in our world.
Joshua texted: Dad is here, I’ve got to go. This was the last message he sent.
She stared at the screen for a long time as she missed them too.
In the kitchen, Stanford caught a glimpse and saw Amanda sitting on the sofa and looking at her phone in a daze.
He put down the things in his hands and walked over, “If Ms. Flores is bored, you can go and sit in the study room. There are quite a few books and there might be something you like.”
In fact, there were a lot of books she liked.
As she heard his voice, she instantly hid her emotions and looked up at him with a smile, “You’re welcome, Mr. James. I don’t like to touch the things in others’ home.”
“We’re partners. Ms. Flores doesn’t need to treat yourself as an outsider.” His eyes moved slightly, “Since we’re partners, we have common interests, and we are family. What does Ms. Flores think?”
She replied blandly, “Work and life are different; these two aspects won’t mix together.”
She quickly changed the subject, “What Mr. James said is true. I only represent RM Group. If talking about family, it would be J&Y Group and RM Group.”
He smiled, “You’re distancing yourself from me, making me mistake you for my ex-wife who was being angry with me.”
#####Chapter 936 You’re Afraid of Me
Amanda frowned angrily, “Mr. James, what do you mean for always associating me with a dead person? Are you cursing me to death?”
“She’s not dead.” Stanford looked deeply at her. 
Amanda’s heart tightened, and her voice trembled, “Your wife isn’t dead?”
“Yes. She will always be in my heart, living in this world.” After saying that, Stanford once again turned around and entered the kitchen.
Amanda looked at his back and became more and more uneasy.
His attitude always made her feel as if he knew something.
But, what was it that had leaked out?
The study.
Suddenly her mind thought of this place. She had been there before. She was shocked and sad for a long time after she knew the truth. When she left, she forgot to delete the scene of her visit. Did he see it?
She felt anxious thinking about it.
She stood up, walked into the kitchen, and looked at the familiar figure, “Stanford James.”
Stanford’s body stiffened for a moment, feeling shocked by this sudden call.
He turned around slowly, “Ms. Flores, you call me by my name so straightforwardly, do you like me?”
Amanda was speechless.
“I do have a boyfriend.” She just wanted to test it out.
Who knew that Stanford didn’t look like he knew about it?
Could it be that she was overthinking it?
“In my opinion, your boyfriend is too young and doesn’t suit you.”
Amanda sneered, “Since when does love have boundaries for age? Also, please hurry up. I have things to do this afternoon.”
“Alright.”
Stanford smiled faintly.
This moment of her exasperated look was so vivid that it didn’t make him feel out of place, even with a different face.
This was what Amanda looked like.
Half an hour later…
Stanford made the meal, and the two of them sat at the dining table.
It was all the dishes that Amanda loved to eat.
At the moment, they were sitting face to face, just like they used to be.
The previous Stanford could also cook, probably because of the environment he grew in. He knew a lot and was very good at taking care of himself.
Especially Amanda’s favourite dishes were now his speciality.
At that time, he had put in the effort to learn just to win her heart.
Later, unknowingly, he would cook occasionally.
He was not sure himself why too.
Perhaps it was only when he looked into his heart that he then understood the actions of that time.
In fact, he just wanted to make her happy and did it from the bottom of his heart.
He just didn’t realize it himself.
“Try how it tastes.” Stanford fetched her food.
Amanda said before she ate it, “If it’s not my favourite dish, I won’t like it even if it tastes good.”
Stanford didn’t get angry and said with a smile, “I’m sincere, Ms. Flores. Don’t let others criticize you for being mean and turning back on me after I have just signed and approved your project.”
Amanda looked at the dishes in the bowl and asked, “Are you threatening me?”
“I just want to have a simple meal with you, Ms. Flores. Nothing else.” He ladled soup for Amanda, “Don’t you have something to do this afternoon? Hurry up and eat. I’ll send you back later.”
Amanda was speechless.
Stanford’s words made it impossible for her to say anything else. Sitting together at the table again after a year was something she hadn’t expected.
However, she was frank at this moment.
Since she didn’t care about this person anymore, why should she care about the past?
She grabbed her chopsticks and picked up the food he had given her, and put it in her mouth. It was still the same taste.
The meat was soft but not greasy, very flavourful and delicious as always. 
“How does it taste, Ms. Flores?”
Amanda commented solemnly, “It’s not cooked enough, the meat is not flavoured, tastes flat and not enough salt.”
“Yup, my ex-wife just likes this taste,” Stanford chucked a piece of meat into his own mouth.
Amanda was speechless again.
“Does your ex-wife have any senses of taste?”
“Hasn’t Ms. Flores ever heard of a saying?” 
She asked, “What saying?”
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” He continued to offer her food, “In a lover’s eyes, all the flaws will also become advantages. It may seem to you that the food I cook is not good, yet, it is to her liking. In fact, I think that if you try a few more times, you will like the taste too.”
“I wouldn’t like it even if I tried a hundred times.”
“Then how about we make a bet?”
“Bet on what?”
“A bet that if you would fall in love with my cooking after you try it for a hundred times.”
“No need to bet. It’s absolutely not.”
“How can you conclude so soon before you make a bet yet? Or is it that you’re afraid of losing to bet with me?”
“Mr. James, are you daring me?”
“If you think so, then yes. I won’t argue.” Stanford lifted his cup and took a sip of water, “It’s just that your refusal makes me think you’re afraid of me.”
#####Chapter 937 She Knew It All
Amanda suddenly stood up and said icily, “You’re just presumptuous. I don’t bet with you is just because I don’t like you. You are not a man-eating monster and I don’t have to be afraid of you. Also, I don’t like to hear about your love story and so don’t talk to me about your ex-wife again. I’m very disgusted. To be honest, I had a very unpleasant lunch this time.”
After saying that, she turned around and left.
Stanford sat unmoving, watching her left.
Was she mad?
Was he pushing too hard?
His hand on the table clutched gently.
Perhaps he should have done things differently?
Walking out of the villa, Amanda made a call.
Stanford had signed the business case, and so this acquisition would officially begin.
The first round would involve investing a large amount of money in hitting the acquired company’s shares.
Even if the two companies contributed simultaneously, it would still be a significant amount of money.
Stanford knew that he would never get back his money, and even if the acquisition was successful, it would only be a shell company, and he would definitely lose all his money. But, he still invested his money.
However, at this time, Casimir came to say goodbye to Amanda that he had to go home. For him, the country was where he worked. He had grown up with his mother abroad, so that place where he grew up was called home.
Amanda didn’t ask him why he was suddenly going back. And as a friend, she sent him to the airport.
Casimir didn’t know why his mother had suddenly called him back, just only asking him to make a trip back.
He and his mother had each other, and so he had to listen to her.
Amanda watched Casimir entered the boarding gate before turning around to leave the airport. Gerben opened the car door for her.
Amanda bent over and entered the car.
“There’s something about the matter you asked me to investigate. The one called Atwood is investigating a car accident case from long ago.” Gerben also sat in the car and said.
When Amanda returned from the villa, she felt that Stanford knew something. So she asked Gerben’s brother to follow Atwood and investigate what he was up to recently.
Stanford trusted Atwood the most. And so, following him would lead to clues.
As expected, he had investigated the past, which meant he was aware of her identity. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have suddenly investigated this matter.
She looked out of the window faintly.
There was no expression on her face, but just curious about how did he find out.
She couldn’t figure out how had she aroused his suspicion.
Gerben saw her puzzled look through the rear-view mirror and said, “Mr. Baron had intentionally shown up at Aegis Security Services.”
Amanda frowned, “What did you say?”
Gerben said, “It seems that Mr. Baron was found by him on purpose.”
Amanda picked up her phone and was about to make a call. But yet, she put the phone down.
She figured out that she couldn’t strictly follow her own plan at all. Her elders would always give her help.
Ay.
She forced a smile.
Gerben explained, “Mr. Baron just wants to see if Stanford still has love for you.”
That was why he deliberately appeared at Aegis Security Services and was being discovered by Stanford.
He was testing how deep Stanford’s remorse was. Would he fall into it even knowing that it was a trap?
Abbott was experienced, and how could he be so lax in his actions and let Stanford find out easily. So he did it on purpose.
At first, he was optimistic about Stanford and thought he would be good with Amanda. Who knew that…
Amanda felt ridiculous about this. Even if there was still love inside a person full of hatred only, what could it mean?
For him, hatred was more significant than any feelings in his heart.
Even if he regretted and repented, she would not love him again.
It didn’t make any sense at all.
But things had come to this, and that was all that could be done.
In this way, it seemed that Stanford had signed the project with alacrity, even knowing that it was a trap.
Since he was willing, then let’s get it over with!
She revised the original business case by the amount of investment required. Since he was willing to fall into this trap, she would take advantage of it.
Amanda retook the contract to Stanford again. Stanford didn’t ask why she changed the business case, nor did he read the content and just signed it as readily as he did last time.
It was not until the second round of funding started that Stanford received a call from the finance department.
The amount of money involved was tremendous, and they did not dare to transfer the money out so quickly.
Even though Stanford had already signed the approval letter, they still came to confirm it, fearing that something might have gone wrong.
Stanford stood in front of the window and looked out. This was what he owed her and should pay her back.
He said, “I agreed to it.”
They didn’t dare to say anything more.
In the hotel…
She got the news when the second part of the money was transferred in.
She thought that was fine.
It would soon be over, and she would be able to leave.
She had it all figured out. She would first have a trip abroad to get her looks back and then to see her parents as well as her brother and Theresa.
A year was not a long time, but it was not a short time either.
Ring.
The door to her room suddenly rang. She walked over to open it and saw Stanford standing at the door.
Seeing that it was him, Amanda was not surprised. She smiled and said, “Mr. James, coming to see me, is there something wrong?”
She now knew that Stanford had known her identity. However, Stanford didn’t know that she had already known he knew about it. 
“Simply wanting to see Ms. Flores. Would you invite me in for a seat?”
Stanford was calm on the surface but was actually in turmoil inside. He didn’t know what he should do at the moment to get her back.
She had obviously been angry last time, and he didn’t dare to use that kind of approach again.
“My place here is messy,” Amanda said.
“I don’t mind.”
“Alright then. Please come in.” Amanda moved sideways to let him in.
Stanford walked in and looked around the room, “I’ll rent a room for you, Ms. Flores. It would be inconvenient for so many people going around in the hotel here.”
“No need. I don’t think I’ll be staying here for long.” Amanda closed the door and walked in.
Stanford looked back at her, “Are you leaving?”
“This isn’t my home at all. I should leave when my work is over.” Amanda sat on the sofa and motioned for Stanford to sit as well.
Stanford was restless. Now he felt he shouldn’t have signed so quickly. So that way, he could still keep her.
But what excuse was he going to use now?
“Ms. Flores…”
“Try this mango cake.” Stanford hadn’t finished his words when Amanda handed a piece of cake to him.
She used to like mangoes, but she never ate them again after knowing Stanford was allergic to them.
She didn’t even buy them at home for fear of accidentally getting them on him.
Not sure why she had bought a piece of mango cake today.
Perhaps she was missing it after a long time since she had tasted mango.
Or maybe, she was trying to become the old her subconsciously.
Stanford, severely allergic to mangoes, looked at the mango cake, and his gaze fell on Amanda’s face, “You’re so nice to me.”
“We’re partners. I’m being nice to you naturally.” As she spoke, she handed the cake forward again.
#####Chapter 938 Please Her Gently
Amanda said on purpose, “I bought it and haven’t bothered to eat it myself. Are you afraid that I might poison it and so you refuse to take it?”
Stanford took it, “You’re being so generous. How could I refuse.”
The two knew each other well, yet neither of them revealed it.
So, the two were just testing each other, with one trying to get her back and the other wanting to reclaim the hurt she had suffered.
“Use this.” Amanda thoughtfully handed over a spoon and said, “Since you know I’m good to you, then you must finish it.”
Stanford asked, “If I finish it, can I woo you?”
Amanda was speechless.
She refused decisively, “You’re not my type.”
“What type do you like?”
Amanda looked him up and down, then described in Casimir’s likeness, “Just like my boyfriend, young, gentle, not too tall. You would be too tall for me. Also, I don’t like married people. I have a fetish for cleanliness.”
Stanford was voiceless.
He was lost for words at this moment.
“I know you are…”
“Mr. James.” Amanda interrupted what he was going to say.
She didn’t want to break this to him. She wouldn’t have the peace of mind at this moment if using Amanda’s identity to face him.
She would only go ballistic questioning him. 
She didn’t want that.
It wasn’t that she still had fantasies, but, instead, she didn’t want to be angry anymore.
“Come on, eat the cake.” She smiled.
Stanford pursed his lips, wondering how he had somehow become the passive one when before, he obviously had the initiative.
If this was her punishment to him, then he would readily accept it.
He finished the whole cake under Amanda’s watchful eyes. He began to have an allergic reaction halfway through his meal. His body was itching, and his heart was beating too fast. However, he tried desperately to restrain his discomfort.
“Mr. James, are you feeling not well?” Even if Stanford was strongly restraining it, his face was still getting ugly, not to mention Amanda, who knew his situation.
She asked on purpose.
Amanda said with concern, “I’ll get you a room for you to rest.”
She stood up after saying that.
Stanford wanted to refuse but thought she was just caring for him, so he didn’t call her back.
However, he was so uncomfortable at the moment. The clothes on his body were just so annoying that he wanted to rip them all off and scratch his body hard. His whole body was so itchy.
Soon, Amanda got the room and came to help him, “Let me help you to rest.”
Stanford grabbed her wrist, “I think your place is just fine.”
“My place is too messy. It’s better to rest next door.” Amanda held him up.
At this moment, Stanford didn’t notice that Amanda had other thoughts at all. He felt that she was caring for him and was happy inside, and even his itch felt better now.
The room was just next door, and they arrived shortly. Amanda helped him to the bed, “I think you are very uncomfortable, so I ask two people to come over to take care of you.”
“No thanks…”
“Why not? I see that you are suffering and I have called them for you.” Amanda smiled.
Stanford felt something wrong seeing her smile.
However, the next second, his sense of something wrong came true as two sexy, alluring looking women came in at the door.
He turned gloomy instantly, “What are you doing?”
“Letting them pleasure you.” Amanda smiled maliciously.
Initially, she just wanted him to be allergic and uncomfortable. Just when she saw his face flushed and trying to rip his clothes because of the itch, she thought of something else.
Stanford was speechless.
He had never thought that she would do this.
“Get out!” He sulked.
The two women didn’t dare to move but looked at Amanda.
“I said, as long as you serve him well, you’ll get twenty thousand each.” Amanda looked at them with a smile, “He is the boss of J&Y Group and he doesn’t have a wife yet. If you behave well and please him, it might be possible for you to become his wife too. So show your skills and serve him well.”
After saying that, she glanced at the furious man and smiled, “I have carefully chosen them for you, so don’t let me down.”
“Let them go out!” Stanford was suffering terribly that even if he was scolding, he was still lack of grandeur.
Amanda ignored him utterly instead of looking at the two women, “What are you still doing standing there? Can’t you see that Mr. James is very hot? Cool him off.”
She walked out after saying that.
Behind her came Stanford’s growling voice, “Amanda Nelson, do you know what you’re doing?”
Amanda was stiff for a moment but still walked out and closed the door without looking back.
The two women looked at each other, thinking about what Amanda said about the possibility of becoming Stanford’s wife. And there were twenty thousand dollars if they served this man well today. This was no ordinary temptation.
With the idea in mind, the two women got up attentively and climbed into bed, “Let us please you.”
Stanford glared at the woman who tried to unbutton his clothes.
His look was so intimidating that the woman hesitated, “Mr. James, I’ll pleasure you gently.”
“Get lost!”
Stanford chided.
The two women looked at each other, knowing each other’s thoughts. If they went out now, not to mention the chance to be Mrs. James, they might not be able to get the twenty thousand too.
It had been too long since they had met such a generous customer.
Even if he didn’t like it, they would have to stay in the room too.
Outside the door, Amanda leaned against the wall lazily, “Just inform a few big media the news about the president of J&Y Group. I think they must be very interested in it. I remember last time an e-commerce boss had lost a lot of stock just because of the affair with a young lady.”
Gerben looked at her and didn’t act immediately, but said, “You really want to do this? He was your… ex-husband anyway.”
Amanda raised her eyes to look at him.
Gerben immediately lowered his head and said, “I’ll do it right away.”
An hour later, many media people gathered in front of Stanford’s hotel. They received the news that the boss of J&Y Group having fun with women in the hotel on a sunny day.
Since Stanford established J&Y Group, he had been a popular guy in City B. However, he was aloof and withdrawn, and there was not much news about him.
This was a rare opportunity. Everyone wanted to be the first to report this news and gain more attention.
Amanda stood at the end of the corridor, looking blandly not far away.
Gerben stood beside her and still couldn’t help but ask, “Do you really not care?”
“What do I care about?” Amanda looked at him, “I’ve already died once. My heart is gone, and what else do I care about?”
Gerben lowered his eyes and didn’t dare to say much.
Inside the room…
Stanford was tormented by allergies and couldn’t even get up from bed.
The two women had sexy figures and still couldn’t seduce him even if they were naked.
One of them was not afraid of his piercing eyes and tried to approach, but he kicked her to the ground and couldn’t get up for a long time. The other one didn’t dare to go near and just stood beside the bed.
“You’re not feeling well. Do you want me to call a doctor for you?” The woman asked cautiously.
Stanford clenched his hands into fists. Only then did he not bother to scratch the itch on his body. There were already red rashes on his neck. He stared at the woman grimly, “Get out right now immediately! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being unkind to you!”
#####Chapter 939 Whose Side Are You On?
The woman was scared but stood still. She looked at the time. She had only been in the room for nearly two hours.
She was afraid she wouldn’t get the money.
Stanford was more than just physically uncomfortable at the moment, but also his heart hurt from anger.
He never expected that Amanda would treat him like this.
He closed his eyes, suppressing the anger in his heart, got up and picked up the glass on the table, then smashed it towards the woman’s head. The woman couldn’t dodge it and was smashed squarely.
The woman covered her head with an ouch. The woman who had been kicked down got up from the floor, not daring to approach again, and said to the woman covering her head, “We’d better go. I’m afraid this money isn’t that easy to get it. This man is apparently violent!”
The woman covering her head was reluctant, but she was chickened out when seeing Stanford’s eyes, which were red with anger.
Stanford thought they didn’t want to leave yet and sat on the bed, staring sternly at the two women, “You want to die?”
The two women couldn’t be bothered to pick up their clothes and leave. However, they opened the door and saw many looking at them.
“What’s going on?” The women were dumbfounded.
The media at the door just shot at them, thinking that the boss of J&Y Group had such a unique hobby. How much fun he had to have two women accompany her, and they both seemed injured too? 
The media thought that they had something to report.
The two women could no longer satisfy their curiosity, and they wanted to see Stanford at the moment.
It was exciting to think, what did this aloof boss that normally couldn’t be interviewed look like in bed at the moment. The cameras even stretched from outside into the room.
Stanford was speechless.
He gripped the bedsheet under him hard, ignoring his discomfort, and stood up with all his strength. He glanced coldly over the people at the door, and finally, his gaze fell on the woman watching at the end of the corridor.
‘I suppose she was the one who called all those people here.’
Stanford was angry, but what really stung him was that she had gotten him those women!
He walked over there. His steps were wobbly, but he still tried to look normal.
The media followed him and filmed, all trying to capture these scenes. Just the two unclothes women were enough for them to make a piece of breaking news.
Amanda didn’t want to talk to Stanford at this moment. She tried to leave, but he grabbed her wrist, “I don’t think those two women that you got for me could satisfy me. How about you come and serve me.”
Amanda’s face changed instantly.
Staring at him angrily, “You…”
Stanford let out a laugh, “I’ve humiliated enough today anyway. I’d rather just be shameless.”
After saying that, he pulled Amanda into his arms forcefully, held her and kissed her lips.
“Umm…”
Amanda tried to struggle.
At this moment, Stanford had so much strength clamping her that she couldn’t even break free.
Click, click, click.
All around were the sounds of photos being taken.
It seemed that things were going in an unexpected direction. 
Gerben soon reacted and quickly stepped forward, warning the media, “No photographing!”
“Why not?” Stanford let go of Amanda, looked at everyone and announced, “This is my girlfriend. While I’m at it, let me introduce her to you. Simona Flores, Ms. Flores, my girlfriend.” 
Amanda was stunned.
“I’m not!” Amanda glared at him in exasperation, “I don’t like filthy men like you!”
“I’ve only slept with you, how is that filthy?” Stanford pointed at the two women at the door, “It was you who intent on defiling me with that two filthy women.”
The media who had thought it was just some titbits now felt that it was actually an emotional entanglement.
It was the exposure of Stanford’s love life.
Gerben reacted fast and let Amanda go into the room first. He would then take care of the media side.
This was the only thing she could do now. Amanda quickly entered the room.
Stanford also wanted to enter her room, but Amanda didn’t let him. He threatened calmly, “If you don’t let me in, aren’t you afraid of what I will say in front of them?”
Amanda clutched the door handle tightly and spoke icily, “Are you threatening me?”
“You were the one who forced me first.” Stanford held on bracingly.
Amanda glanced at the media outside and let him in. Yet as soon as he entered the room, he fainted and fell to the floor.
Amanda was stunned for a moment and quickly knelt to check his breath. He was still breathing but had just fainted. She pulled out her phone and called Gerben, telling him to quickly get rid of the people outside.
She then found Stanford’s phone, but it was set with a password. She tried to use the old password, the one she had set for him back then. She said, “Only I can know this password apart from you.”
The password was six digits long, and it was her birth date.
She had just tried the original password in a hurry, not realizing he hadn’t changed it.
She quickly regained her composure and found Atwood’s number to dial.
Soon, Atwood picked up the call, “Mr. James…”
“He’s fainted. Come over quickly.” Amanda said.
On the other side, Atwood hesitated for a moment, “Who are you…”
“Come over quickly.” Amanda didn’t explain to him, gave him the address and hung up the phone.
Gerben had also settled the people outside while Atwood came over.
Amanda let Atwood take the man away.
“How did he turn out like this?” Atwood looked at the man lying on the ground and was a bit overwhelmed for a moment.
What had happened here?
“It’s better to take him to the hospital now.”
Amanda said faintly.
Atwood looked at her, “Mr. James is…”
“Gerben, you help him to get him into the car.” Amanda didn’t want to mention more about it.
Atwood also didn’t continue to ask. It was necessary now to get Stanford to the hospital first. It was indeed worrying for such a strong man to faint suddenly.
After about half an hour, Gerben came up and told her, “He has been sent to the hospital.”
Amanda hummed icily. Since both of their identities were revealed, she didn’t disguise his hatred for him anymore.
She didn’t pretend to smile anymore.
Gerben asked, “Aren’t you going to the hospital? He is in a coma and not sure if it will be life-threatening.”
Amanda said indifferently, “There’s nothing to do with me if he’s alive or dead. And what’s more, I don’t want to appear in the news about what happened today.”
Gerben said, “Don’t worry. You will definitely not be involved.”
The Nelson family had been in business in City B for many years before, and they also got plenty of connections.
Abbott had left the two people by Amanda’s side was to help her and protect her.
This was something he could do well.
Amanda nodded, “I don’t want to get involved in his scandal.”
“Aren’t you the one who created his scandals?” Gerben said.
Amanda raised her eyes and looked at him, “Whose side are you on?”
“Of course I’m your man.” Gerben immediately expressed his loyalty, “He deserved to die for hurting you!”
#####Chapter 940 Never Judge a Book by Its Cover
Amanda laughed, amused by Gerben’s 180-degree change in attitude.
Gerben laughed along, but he thought in his heart, ‘Offend anyone except a woman. They are ruthless and show no mercy.’
In the hospital…
Stanford was utterly awake the following afternoon.
Atwood was by his side the whole time.
However, he looked around as soon as he woke up. He was upset not seeing Amanda here, “Didn’t she come?”
Atwood froze for a moment but soon realized who he was referring to.
“She hasn’t been here.”
Stanford sat up, looked outside the window and said faintly, “Help me get discharged from the hospital.”
Atwood hesitated and said, “Before you leave the hospital, you’d better read this news.”
Stanford looked at him, probably knowing what he was talking about. He took his phone and saw that it was the news of his stay at the hotel.
The headline read, “J&Y Group Boss Having Threesome at The Hotel”, with a picture of two unclothed women in the room.
Just the headline was already highly suggestive.
The article’s description even made people think of an erotic bed scene just by reading the text.
Many of the comments said that “Never judge a book by its cover.”
Stanford’s previous image was a tall, upright, and aloof ascetic man, but this news had pulled him down. 
This was not a big deal. The main thing was that Stanford’s news had caused the company’s stock to fluctuate and had a tendency to fall. 
Stanford was expressionless. ‘Perhaps this was her purpose.’
“I received a call from Ms. Flores today. She said that there is still a final amount of money needed to be invested in the acquisition.” Atwood looked at him, “We’ve lost too much this time.”
Stanford lifted the blanket and got up. He was not sad about the loss of his money and said, “I owe her that.”
Atwood opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but found that nothing could be persuaded.
“How’s the matter I asked you to look into?” He stared blankly into the distance outside the window.
Atwood pursed his lips and didn’t say honestly that he was actually almost done with his investigation. It wasn’t easy to find out about something so long ago, but Abbott was leading him and giving him some clues occasionally.
He had deliberately been discovered by Stanford because he wanted him to find out the real cause of that car accident.
Not wanting him to hate the wrong person.
Stanford thought the Nelson family was wrong. He thought the money back then was to save their lives, when in fact, those were compensation for them. Everyone in that crash was innocent!
He shouldn’t be distorted to hate those who survived that crash.
He shouldn’t have been vindictive because of what happened in the first place.
Abbott just wanted him to see it clearly.
That was why he planned all this.
And that was why it wasn’t tricky for Atwood to investigate.
However, he hadn’t figured out how to tell Stanford now.
“It’s a long time ago, so it’s not easy to investigate.” Atwood lied.
Stanford didn’t suspect anything. After all, he knew that it would indeed take time to investigate something that had been so long ago.
He said again, “Get me out of the hospital and bring me a set of clean clothes.”
Atwood agreed and exited the room.
After Stanford was discharged from the hospital, he didn’t go to the company to deal with his accumulated work over the past few days but went to find Amanda.
Since they had brought the issue out, he wanted to talk with her.
However, Amanda was not at the hotel.
Her phone was turned off, and Stanford couldn’t find her. Soon, he had to go back to the company to deal with his work.
Gerben went to J&Y Group.
Stanford knew he was close to Amanda and so met him.
“I’m here on behalf of Ms. Flores.” Gerben pulled out the chair and sat down in front of the desk.
“Where is she?”
Stanford asked the thing he wanted to know most.
“Ms. Flores has gone back to the headquarters and I will take over her work here. You can just negotiate with me on the following matter.”
Stanford leaned back and looked at him indifferently, “She was the one who negotiated with me at the beginning of this. It’s disrespectful to me to change someone in the middle of the process.”
“You overstated your case, Mr. James.” Gerben said with a smile.
Stanford looked severe, “Changing someone without my consent, I won’t invest another penny next. Moreover, I will also claim my loss for the previous investment from your company.”
Gerben thought he was just angry for the moment, “The contract has already been signed. You have no reason to…”
“Changing partner midway is a breach of contract.” Stanford looked at him, “I’m not joking with you.”
“You just want to see Ms. Flores, right?” Gerben saw through him and said.
Stanford didn’t deny it.
The fact that she was hiding from him after her identity was revealed was something he disliked.
He didn’t deny the mistakes he had made, but could she at least listen to his explanation?
It was unacceptable to him that she was avoiding seeing him so much.
“You know because of her, that news about me has seriously affected me. I think you should have found out about it too.”
Gerben didn’t say anything. Of course, he knew that as he was constantly monitoring the news and then reported it to Amanda.
Because of that news, J&Y Group’s stock dropped and had lost several million so far.
“About this matter of replacing partner, I can explain to you. The reason why Ms. Flores entrusted me is that she is not feeling well. So she left to have treatment for the time being…”
“What’s wrong with her?” Stanford interrupted before Gerben could finish his words.
He asked nervously.
Amanda was in good health, just that she went to get her looks fixed back. Now that Stanford already knew her identity, there was no need for her to disguise herself anymore. Since she wanted to go to Thailand as soon as things were over here, she needed to get her looks back before going to see her parents.
She couldn’t just simply change what her parents had given her. 
However, Gerben didn’t say that, and he lied, “She is not well because of the illness since that fire. She didn’t mean to hide from you. It’s just that she is unwell and she needs to get treatment. She will come back when she gets better. She said that there are still things unresolved with Mr. James, and she will not hide from you on purpose.”
Stanford’s heart tightened even more.
An old illness from that fire… It meant that she had been injured in that fire.
“Which hospital is she in?” Stanford asked.
Hearing this, Gerben thought, ‘Is he going to see her?’
He had promised Amanda that he wouldn’t let Stanford bother her.
“She’s fine and she will be back in a month at most. Need not worry, Mr. James…”
“I’m asking you again, which hospital is she in!” Stanford’s attitude was clear. He wanted to see her.
Gerben thought for a second, “Mr. James, Ms. Flores has said that she doesn’t want to be disturbed. I think you should wait until she’s well and the two of you can sit down and talk properly. I’m representing her for the moment, and if you really feel ashamed of her, don’t make it difficult for me. Just pay back what you owe her.”
Stanford narrowed his eyes, “Since I owe her, and what does it have to do with you?”
He stubbornly refused to talk with Gerben, just wanting to see Amanda and know how she was doing now.
Gerben frowned, “If you go to see her, it will only make her unable to heal at ease. Don’t you want her to get well soon?”
Stanford clenched his fists. He was just concerned about her.
“Give me a period. How long?” Stanford finally gave in.
He took it in mind what Gerben had said that she couldn’t heal at ease.
He was unwilling to do anything that would harm her.
“A month.”
Gerben said.
That was the period Amanda had given him.
She said she would be away for a month at most before she could return.
#####Chapter 941 I Had Investigated It
Gerben tried his best to fix it on the time they agreed.
Stanford stood still, and at last, he agreed with it.
The fact that Amanda was still alive was already the best thing in the world for him. Stanford shouldn’t make her uncomfortable with the feelings he had for her.
But it seemed like a long month for Stanford. He had been through a year without Amanda, but this month felt longer than how it usually felt.
Stanford chose to stay in the office till late at night most of the time.
Sometimes, he would even stay in the office for a few days and attend to everything, big or small matters, by himself.
The shares of Stanford’s company initially dropped when news about him came out, and it worried his staff. However, it motivated the staff again when Stanford started to spend most of his time in the office.
Everyone thought Stanford did that to rescue the company.
But the fact was Stanford couldn’t fall asleep at night alone.
It was almost the end of the month. Stanford went back to the villa. He hadn’t changed for a few days. Stanford needed a bath and some clean clothes.
Perhaps it was because Stanford now knew that Amanda was alive. So, he was more willing to face the room that they had been spending their time in.
Stanford found a piece of paper when he was trying to find his clothes in the wardrobe after the shower. He reached out his hand and took the piece of paper out of curiosity.
Stanford finally saw what the content of the paper was after opening it. It was an ultrasound report.
The stated date was a year ago, the day when he wanted a divorce.
Stanford focused on the paper and carefully perused every word on the paper.
It was Amanda’s name on the patient’s name column. The result of the ultrasound stated that Amanda was pregnant for seven weeks.
Stanford was stunned. He couldn’t breathe properly.
Stanford’s hands were shaking and he was choked by words.
Amanda was pregnant?
It was a surprise, but at the same time, he felt uneasy. Would Amanda give birth to the baby after Stanford hurt her so much?
Stanford felt heartache.
He bent down with a hand holding onto the bedframe.
However, it didn’t ease the pain Stanford felt.
Stanford was in pain, but at the same time, he blamed Amanda. Why didn’t Amanda tell him?
If Stanford knew about the baby, he wouldn’t…
Stanford’s mobile phone was on the side table, and it was buzzing.
Stanford ignored it no matter how long it buzzed as if he didn’t hear it at all. He was drowned in regrets and pain.
After around an hour, the doorbell rang. Stanford hadn’t got out from the painful emotions.
The doorbell rang again and again.
The phone call was from Atwood, but Stanford didn’t pick up. Atwood went to Stanford’s office, but the secretary told Atwood that Stanford had gone back to the villa. So, Atwood drove to the villa to look for Stanford.
Stanford’s car stopped in front of the porch. It meant Stanford was still in the villa.
The doorbell rang a few times.
Atwood started to get worried. He was afraid that Stanford focused on work so much lately, and nobody noticed if he fainted in the house as his health was clearly affected by the hectic workload.
Atwood rang the doorbell again, but no one opened the door. When he was about the take out his phone and called a locksmith, the door opened from the inside.
Atwood raised his head, and he saw Stanford. He asked, “Mr. James, are you alright?”
Stanford was pulled back to reality by the endless doorbell. Then, he pulled himself together.
“What are you doing here?”
Stanford sounded hoarse.
Atwood stared at Stanford and said, “Are you feeling alright? You don’t look good.”
Stanford didn’t want to talk to Atwood, “You should leave if there’s nothing urgent.”
Stanford wanted to be alone. He didn’t want to see anyone.
Atwood had already investigated the car accident, and he knew everything about it.
He decided to tell Stanford what he found out after considerations.
“I’ve investigated what you wanted me to look into.”
Suddenly, Stanford turned his head and looked at Atwood.
Atwood pulled himself together and said, “The driver was Boyce.”
Stanford knew about it already.
Stanford knew that Boyce was driving the car, and Amanda and his mother were in it.
It was a dreadful accident. The car fell off the bridge. It was a miracle for anyone to survive from it.
However, only Amanda and Boyce were the survivor of the car accident. The only deceased was Stanford’s mother, the caregiver.
Matthew even paid him off with an amount of money.
Matthew initial objective was to make it up to the deceased’s family. After all, the caregiver was in the accident when she was working with their family. Matthew wanted to make it up to the family, so he gave them a generous amount of money.
Stanford was very young back then. He didn’t know much about the accident. All Stanford knew was that his mother was dead, and she died in the employer’s car. Stanford thought the reason why the employer paid them a generous amount of money was to cover up their sin.
Stanford always carried that thought. Furthermore, he met Amanda not long after the car accident. Amanda walked into the school with an innocent smile on her face under the companion of her parent, while Stanford lost the most important person in the world for him.
The seed of vengeance started to grow in Stanford’s heart. As time went by, the seed of vengeance was rooted deep in his heart.
The thought of taking revenge on Amanda got stronger as Stanford grew up. He purposely approached Amanda, made her fell in love with him and married her. Stanford was taking revenge step by step.
Atwood saw how pale Stanford’s face was. He told Stanford, “You should go to the hospital. You look sick.”
Stanford’s knee felt weak. He sat on the couch and said coldly, “I’m fine. Tell me what you’ve got.”
Atwood pouted then said, “According to what I learned, the car got into an accident and fell off the bridge because somebody messed with the car.”
#####Chapter 942 When They First Met
Stanford’s pale face looked sulky, “Who did that?”
Atwood stared at Stanford and said, “The fallen Bailey family. They held grudges on the Nelson family back then, so they messed with Matthew’s car. Matthew was initially the Baileys’ target, but…”
Atwood stopped. He didn’t know how to tell Stanford the rest of what happened.
Abbott allowed Atwood to investigate what happened previously, and he also allowed Atwood to learn about the truth down to every detail. Only a few people knew about what happened after all this time. Abbott got another person to impersonate the maid who worked in the mansion when the accident happened.
Coral was the only maid Abbott knew who knew what happened, but Coral passed away a few years ago. So, Abbott got another old lady to impersonate Coral and asked her to tell Atwood what happened in the car accident.
The old lady impersonated Coral, but she said was true.
Of course, Atwood thought that was the real Coral.
Abbott was experienced after all. Atwood totally didn’t felt anything strange under Abbott’s arrangements.
Stanford felt impatient, “What? Don’t make me guess.”
“Boyce was the driver because Amanda knew it was Lucy’s birthday, but Matthew wasn’t in the house that day. So, Boyce drove them out to buy a cake. Then, they got into the car accident on the way,” Atwood tried his best to illustrate what happened with the shortest version he could come out with.
“If I remembered correctly, that was your mother’s birthday, wasn’t it? Amanda wanted to buy a cake for your mother. The car accident was a plot, and Amanda and Boyce were a victim as well. They just got lucky…”
“Stop it,” Stanford stopped Atwood out of a sudden. He tried his best to cover it up, but his voice was shaking, “Get out.”
Atwood didn’t move. He consoled Stanford, “Don’t blame yourself. Luckily Mrs. James was alright.”
“Get out!” Stanford shouted. Then, he lowered his voice, “Leave me alone.”
Stanford was weak, and he panicked. He was no longer the dominant and cold person he used to be.
Stanford was only a human who did mistakes and didn’t know how to make it up.
Atwood didn’t dare to leave. Stanford looked terrible right now. He consoled Stanford, “Mrs. James is fine. You still have a chance to make it up to her.”
Stanford looked at Atwood with tears in his eyes, “What do you know?”
“What do you know?”
Stanford shouted. He was mad at himself.
Stanford was afraid that Amanda wouldn’t forgive him, and he was even more afraid that he would lose his child.
Stanford no longer felt belong after his mother passed away. He neglected the warmth Amanda brought him when they were staying together because of the grudges he was holding on to.
Stanford had imagined so many times to have a child of his own.
In fact, he had a child, but he wasn’t sure if the child would still be alive.
Atwood knew that Stanford would be emotional when he found out the truth, but he thought Stanford would be able to calm down.
Atwood never expected that Stanford would be so mad.
Stanford stood up from the couch. Perhaps it was because of the big movements, or he had lost balance. Stanford’s leg tripped on the side table. Atwood wanted to go and help him, but Stanford rejected his help. Then, Stanford got upstairs staggering.
Atwood felt worried, and he followed Stanford, “Mr. James.”
“Leave me alone, will you?” Stanford raised his voice.
Atwood said, “I’ll be downstairs. Call my name if you need anything.”
Stanford ignored Atwood. He walked into the room after he got upstairs. The ultrasound report was still on the bed.
Stanford walked over, and suddenly, his knee felt weak. He knelt on the ground. He felt so powerless that he couldn’t even stand up.
Stanford reached for the ultrasound report and leaned beside the bed.
Everyone thought Stanford was a strong person, but at this moment, his eyes went red.
The truth about the grudges Stanford held on to all these years wasn’t as what he thought.
He was wrong.
Not only Stanford was wrong, he even hurt a woman who loved him.
Stanford had lost the most precious thing for him.
Atwood was sitting on the couch downstairs. He stared at the stairs and wanted to check on Stanford. However, Atwood was afraid that it would disturb Stanford. So, he waited for Stanford downstairs.
Days after days…
Atwood stayed in the villa and never left.
At the same time, in the international airport.
Amanda walked out of the arrival gate.
Gerben walked over to welcome her.
Amanda looked pretty after the surgery. However, he liked his original look better. Amanda looked sweet and warm in her original look.
Gerben helped Amanda to take her luggage. He asked her, “Did it go well?”
Amanda nodded. She asked Gerben about what happened in the past month when she wasn’t in the country.
“Everything went according to our plan. Stanford invested the remaining capital. I’ve done some calculations, and the amount was three billion, including the last two times he invested. Plus, the share price of his company decreased. Stanford loses quite an amount of money. Furthermore, he had been drowning himself in work after you left. According to his staff, Stanford was quite dedicated to working earlier. He spent most of his time in the office and in dealing with the suppliers. However, he hadn’t been at the office these few days.”
Amanda seemed expressionless. She said, “It’s about time for Aegis Security Services to announce its bankruptcy.”
It meant the capital Stanford invested in Aegis Security Services was going to be a total loss. Aegis Security Services was only a shell corporation.
“Everything between Stanford and I should end as well,” Amanda looked calm.
Amanda wasn’t being emotional at all. She wasn’t even holding grudges.
Amanda knew exactly what she wanted.
After getting out of the airport, Gerben opened the car door for Amanda.
Amanda got into the car.
Then, Gerben got into the drier seat.
He didn’t start the engine immediately. Instead, he turned and looked at Amanda, “You looked determined, but I felt like you still have feelings on Stanford.”
Amanda stared at Gerben, “Why did you say so?”
“Wasn’t him the reason why you purposely went through surgery to rebuild your face?”
Amanda chuckled, “I wanted to look like the original me because I wanted to end things with him looking like myself.”
No covering up. Amanda wanted to use her original face and name. Just like when they first met.
Things should also be ended like how they first met.
Amanda loved Stanford, and she was sincere to him.
And now, it was time for her to end things as herself.
#####Chapter 943 She Came Back
Gerben blinked his eyes and asked, “Was it always unforgivable when men made mistakes?”
Amanda was curious. It wasn’t the first time Gerben asked her this question. Why was that?
“You wanted me and him to get back together?”
Gerben cleared his throat, “I’m only curious about how much a man would pay for their mistake. If you could forgive him this time, then it meant he could make a bigger mistake.”
Amanda felt speechless.
“I was joking,” Gerben started the car engine, “Are you going back to the hotel?”
“No, we’re going to J&Y Group,” said Amanda.
“You can leave work for tomorrow. You should take a rest today,” said Gerben. He was worried that it would be overwhelming for Amanda to face Stanford right after she got off the plane.
Amanda looked outside the window, “Let’s just go to J&Y Group.”
Amanda wanted to solve everything as soon as possible. Her parents were worried about her. It was time for her to go back and visit them.
Amanda wanted to take revenge on Stanford, so she had been hiding from her parents for the past year. Her parents cooperated with her and stayed hidden, but Amanda knew that they were missing her all along.
Amanda didn’t want to stay in this place. She wanted to get it over with and start a new life.
Amanda didn’t want the past to haunt her.
After all, life was a long journey.
Gerben said, “I’m not sure if Stanford is in the office.  Let me call and ask them.”
Then, Gerben gave a call to Stanford’s secretary to ask if Stanford was in the office today.
The secretary answered Gerben, “Mr. James isn’t in the office.”
“Ms. Flores came back. She needs to talk to Mr. James,” said Gerben.
The secretary paused for a while then replied to Gerben Harvie, “Let me come back to you, alright?”
“Sure.”
The secretary quickly contacted Atwood after hanging up the phone.
Atwood almost couldn’t stand it. He wanted to go upstairs and check on Stanford. He had been hiding upstairs for too long.
There was an empty glass in front of Atwood. He could still drink some water when he felt thirsty, but Stanford had been hiding upstairs for more than a day without eating or drinking.
Atwood was worried.
At the same time, Atwood’s mobile phone rang. Stanford’s secretary called to ask if Atwood knew where Stanford was. “Mr. Harvie called to tell us that Ms. Flores came back and she needs to see Mr. James. Do you know where Mr. James is at?”
“She came back?” Atwood was excited.
Perhaps she was the only one to motivate Stanford.
The secretary was stunned. Perhaps she was startled by the excited tone Atwood displayed over the phone, “Yes, Ms. Flores wanted to see Mr. James.”
“Alright, I’ve got the message. Ask her to come to the office. Mr. James will be there soon.”
“Sure.”
Atwood then ran upstairs and rushed to Stanford’s room upon hanging up the phone. He saw Stanford sitting on the ground with a piece of paper in his hand.
Atwood was stunned by the door.
He had never seen Stanford looking like this before.
Atwood slowed down and walked into the room softly. He lowered his voice and said, “She’s back.”
Stanford raised his head. Atwood repeated, “Mrs. James came back. She’s waiting for you in the office.”
Stanford wanted to see Amanda so much earlier, but now, he was sacred.
Stanford didn’t dare to face her, and he didn’t even dare to ask if the baby was still alive.
Atwood squatted down, “You’ve got a chance to apologize to her now. You can still make it up to her.”
Stanford stared at Atwood and asked, “Do I?”
Stanford wasn’t confident at all.
The question wasn’t only for Atwood. It was more for himself.
Atwood answered affirmably, “She used to love you so much. She’ll give you a chance for sure.”
“She would?” Stanford didn’t even believe a little of what Atwood said. He wouldn’t have forgiven anyone who hurt him like the way he hurt Amanda.
“She’s back. I should go and see her,” Stanford stood up. However, his legs were numb after sitting on the ground for so long. Stanford lost balance and almost fell. Atwood quickly helped Stanford, but Stanford shooed him away, “It’s alright. I’m fine.”
“Wait for me downstairs.”
Stanford needed to take a shower and clean himself. He had to look at least decent to meet Amanda. Stanford wanted to appear in front of Amanda in his best shape.
Atwood nodded and exited the room.
Stanford took a shower, changed his wrinkled shirt, and put on a formal black shirt. The shirt was initially well-fitted, but it seemed a little big for Stanford now. He slimmed down in just one day.
Stanford had been trying his best to conceal his exhaustion, but he couldn’t cover up the miserable look on his face.
Stanford got downstairs, and Atwood was standing in the living room. Atwood raised his head when he heard Stanford came down. He felt relieved to see Stanford pulled himself together.
“I’ll go get the car,” Atwood walked out of the house before Stanford.
Stanford walked down the stairs and stood in the living room. Then, he looked around. It was the place where Stanford and Amanda lived together for three years.
There were too many memories in the place.
Stanford didn’t dare to step into the place after Amanda left. He didn’t dare to face all the memories they had in the house.
Stanford raised his head. Now, he needed to get Amanda back.
Then, Stanford walked out of the house.
Atwood was already in the car with the engine started.
Stanford got into the car, and Atwood started to drive away.
Atwood kept peeking on Stanford through the rear-view mirror. He wanted to say something, but in the end, nothing came out.
Atwood was speeding. Soon, the car stopped at the entrance of the J&Y Group.
Atwood quickly got out of the car to open the door for Stanford. However, Stanford had already opened the door and got off the car.
Stanford stood at the entrance. He looked up at the building then walked into the building.
Atwood followed Stanford. He gave the secretary a call while walking and asked her Amanda’s whereabouts.
The secretary told Atwood that Amanda was in the meeting room.
The lift stopped in front of Stanford and Atwood. They got into it, and Atwood told Stanford, “Mrs. James is in the meeting room.”
Stanford remained silent, and he looked expressionless. However, his fists clenched.
The lift stopped.
Stanford hesitated for a second before he walked out of the lift.
He headed straight to the meeting room.
Atwood went to the secretary place and told her not to go to Stanford no matter what happened.
The secretary didn’t understand, “What if it’s an urgent matter?”
“No. Look for me if it is urgent. All in all, Mr. James won’t see anyone today. No one should disturb Mr. James. Are you clear?”
The secretary nodded, “Yes, I’m clear.”
Stanford stood in front of the meeting room, and he was tensed. He clenched his fists and took a deep breath, and then opened the door.
Amanda was sitting with her back facing the door. All Stanford could see was Amanda’s back.
#####Chapter 944 Lonely for Life
Amanda heard someone walked in. She knew it was Stanford, but she didn’t turn around.
Stanford stared at Amanda’s back and walked into the meeting room. Stanford turned and looked at Amanda when he walked to the seat opposite her.
It was a familiar face.
Stanford called her name subconsciously, “Amanda.”
Amanda looked up, and she looked expressionless, “Mr. James.”
It was a distant and cold appellation.
Stanford sat opposite Amanda, “Are we that distant now?”
Amanda smiled, “Did we ever got close? We’ve been sleeping on the same bed for three years. You never understand me, and I never got to step into your heart. Weren’t we distant all along?”
Stanford couldn’t help but stared at Amanda, “Last time…”
“The reason I’m here today wasn’t because of what happened last time. Let’s talk about the current,” Amanda pushed the iPad she brought to Stanford. It was showing a piece of breaking news.
The Aegis Security Services announced its bankruptcy just when J&Y Group invested the last amount of capital into it.
It meant every penny J&Y Group invested was wasted.
Of course, it was only how it looked like.
The money would be transferred to RM Group in another way.
They both knew about how it would end. Stanford looked calm. He took a glance at the new, then raised his head and stared at Amanda, “I owe you that.”
An emotion finally appeared in Amanda’s calm eyes. She asked, “Was it only money that you’ve owed me?”
Stanford remained silent.
He slowly clenched his fists on the table.
Amanda stood up, “You’ve owed me my life. No, two lives. That fire was supposed to kill two people, but I survived it. Stanford, you can never pay back what you owe me.”
Amanda turned around and wanted to leave the room. She stopped when she was at the door. Amanda told Stanford, “Stanford, this is the end between us.”
Then, Amanda exited the room.
“Wait up,” Stanford grasped Amanda’s hand. His eyes were red, and he was choked by sobs, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Amanda raised her head and asked, “Tell you about what?”
“The child,” Stanford sounded hoarse.
Amanda laughed. Her eyes were red as well. She asked Stanford, “Did you give me a chance? Have you forgotten how determine you were? Do you need help to recall it?”
Stanford didn’t know how to answer Amanda. He felt heartache.
It was so painful that it was hard to breathe.
Stanford was the reason why the child was gone.
But Stanford was pushing his luck, “You’re lying because you wanted revenge, are you?”
“I would never curse my child no matter how much I hated you. You don’t worth it,” Amanda made every word clear.
Stanford stared at Amanda’s eyes. She was tearing. “I killed my baby?”
Stanford wanted to hear Amanda say no.
But the truth was he did kill his child.
“I’m sorry…”
Stanford didn’t know what else to say.
Amanda got away from Stanford, “I don’t need your apologies. I’ll only curse you for not having love in your life. You won’t be able to enjoy the happiness a family bring. You’re going to be lonely for life.”
Then, Amanda left the room.
Stanford stood still like a statue and watched Amanda leave.
The heartache was so strong like Stanford was stabbed by a dagger in his heart.
He could only stand up by leaning by the door.
“Mr. James,” Atwood was nearby. He quickly walked over when he saw Stanford unwell. Stanford was already chasing after Amanda before Atwood got near to Stanford.
Amanda was already in the car. Gerben saw Stanford chasing after Amanda from his rear-view mirror. However, he didn’t wait for Stanford. Instead, he stepped hard on the accelerator.
The car moved forward like an arrow.
Stanford recognized Amanda’s car. He was still chasing after Amanda’s car.
It didn’t matter if Amanda still hated him.
Stanford wanted Amanda back like crazy.
Cars were racing on the road.
Gerben was speeding. It was impossible for Stanford to catch up to Amanda’s car. However, Stanford won’t give up. He was chasing after the car like crazy.
Stanford saw the car turned right and got into a tunnel. He wanted to take a shortcut and crossed the tunnel from the flyover on the left. At the same time, a car drove out from the tunnel on the left. The car was speeding, and it was dark in the tunnel. It was already too late when the driver saw a person in front of his car. The driver was terrified, “Go away! Get out of here!”
Stanford turned around, and the car was too near. He tried to get away from it, but he was too late. Stanford got hit by the car. Stanford and the car was nearby the entrance of the tunnel. Stanford flew to the entrance as the car hit him, then fell onto the ground.
The car only stopped a few metres away after hitting Stanford.
Stanford laid on the ground. He felt some warm liquid on his face, and he was slowly losing consciousness, “Amanda, I…I liked you. I…want you to stay…with me.”
Then, Stanford drowned in darkness. He became unconscious.
Amanda didn’t know Stanford went after her car. She was checking the air ticket she bought using her phone.
Gerben looked at her through the rear-view mirror, “I think I saw Stanford chasing after you. I got rid of him.”
Amanda raised her head, then turned around, but she didn’t see anything.
“Should I stop the car?” Gerben asked.
“No. You’ve done a great job. I don’t want to see him.”
Gerben wanted to seek credit, “Am I smart or what?”
“You’re not stupid to start with,” Amanda kept her phone away into her pocket and answered Gerben. Then, she closed her eyes to get some rest. It was obvious that she didn’t want to talk anymore.
Gerben knew Amanda needed some rest, so he remained silent and drove to the airport.
Half an hour later, the car stopped at the airport. Gerben saw Amanda off, “Not sure if we’re going to meet again next time.”
Gerben and his brother were going to leave as well after everything got settled here. However, Gerben and Amanda weren’t heading in the same direction. Amanda was going to T Country, and Gerben was heading to M Country. He was going to report what happened here to Abbott, then returned to the army.
After all, they came out from the military.
Amanda was holding some light luggage. She looked at Gerben and said, “I very much appreciated you and your brother’s help even if we didn’t know each other long enough. Thank you.”
Amanda bowed to Gerben, “Help me to say goodbye to your brother.”
Gerben’s younger brother, Gerald, didn’t come along with them.
“Sure. I’m glad to meet you. If you need a bodyguard in the future, look for me. You’ll be able to find me if you contact Mr. Baron,” said Gerben.
“Got it,” Amanda shook Gerben’s hand, “Goodbye.”
“Goodbye.”
Amanda then headed to the departure gate with her light luggage. When she arrived at the gate, she turned around and looked behind. The departure hall was full of people. Some people were hugging each other, some were holding hands, and some were seeing their friends or family off with a smile.
Amanda could see all emotions in the departure hall. Love, friendships, and family bonds.
Amanda looked down, then turned and walked into the departure gate.
#####Chapter 945 Dogs Acted Just Like Their Owner
The plane flew over the sky. Only a white trail left behind it.
Amanda didn’t tell anyone that she came back. She didn’t even tell Joshua who she contacted the most.
Amanda got her parents’ address, so she headed straight to their place right after she got off the plane.
It was already night time when Amanda got off the plane. She felt a little exhausted as she hadn’t got a good rest for a whole day. Amanda dealt with Stanford then she flew here directly after that. It was a tiring journey.
Amanda made her itinerary this packed on purpose.
She wanted to look exhausted so that her parents wouldn’t blame her or be mad at her.
Amanda was betting that her parents would feel sorry to see her looking pale and exhausted. That way, they might forget what Amanda did before.
Soon, the cab stopped. Amanda paid the driver and got out of the cab. The car stopped in front of a river. She needed to take a boat to cross the river. There was a bridge, but it was a little far away. Amanda didn’t want to walk further anymore.
Amanda took a look at her watch. It was around eight o’clock at night. The boats were still operating. Amanda came here before, so she knew what time the boats stopped operating.
However, it seemed like there was an unexpected event going on. There weren’t any boats on the river.
Amanda stood by the river and thought, “I’ve made a mistake.”
She sighed and decided to walked to the bridge to cross the river. It was tiring but still better than standing by the river waiting for a boat that could possibly not arriving.
A neat lawn and banana trees were growing beside the river. The place was much warmer here.
Usually, it wasn’t warm by this time of the year in Z Country, but it was different here.
Amanda was getting nearer to the bridge, and she was already sweating.
Amanda found a place to sit down and got some rest. She took out her plane, but she suddenly remembered Stanford’s face. Amanda felt a sting in her heart.
No matter how calm Amanda might look, but she can’t wipe away the feeling she had for Stanford. She loved him for three years. No, it was much earlier. Amanda fell in love with Stanford before she was married to him. She wouldn’t marry Stanford if she didn’t love him in the first place.
Amanda had given her best. All of her courage and sincerity. However, it didn’t end well.
Amanda wanted to scroll her phone at first, but now she didn’t feel like it anymore. She shook her head and tried to shake away all the bad memories.
Stanford won’t appear in her life anymore.
When Amanda was about to stand up and leave, she saw something moving in the bush. Amanda walked over and looked into the bushes under the street lights. She saw a poodle with a brown curly coat staring at her with its round eyes. It had a red collar on its neck. The poodle seemed like it was owned by someone and it ran out of its house.
Amanda stroked its head, “You’re so cute.”
Amanda used to have a dog. The one she had was a big dog, and it had a white coat of fur. It was much bigger than a poodle.
Amanda stopped having dogs after her dog passed away because of old age.
She didn’t like the sorrow when facing death.
Amanda carried the dog out of the bush, “Where’s your owner?”
The little poodle was tame. It didn’t struggle, and it was friendly. The little poodle even wanted to hid in Amanda’s arms. Amanda laughed, “You’re such a baby. Aren’t you scared of being kidnapped away from your owner?”
“Okeydokey,” a sound of a child rose. The little poodle barked and got off from Amanda’s arms, then ran towards the little girl standing nearby.
The little girl looked like she was around four to five years old. She wore a white puffy dress, and she braided her hair. Amanda could see the features of her face under the street lights. The little girl’s eyes were bright and clear, and she was fair. In fact, people in Thailand weren’t generally fair, but the little girl was different. She was fair and looked like a mixed-race. The little girl was holding a chain. She carried the little poodle and stroked its head. Then, she told the little poodle, “Where have you gone? I’ve been looking for you everywhere.”
Then, the little girl raised her head and looked at Amanda.
Amanda wasn’t familiar with the language they used in T Country. She could understand some simple sentences, and that was it.
Amanda tried her best and asked the little girl with the language she wasn’t familiar with, “Is it your puppy?”
The little girl didn’t answer Amanda’s question, “Who are you? Why are you carrying Okeydokey?”
Amanda felt like she couldn’t communicate with the little girl. Mostly because she couldn’t understand what the little girl said, and she was in a rush.
Amanda smiled at the little girl and gave her a hand signal saying that her puppy was cute. Then, Amanda left the place.
The little girl stared at Amanda and blinked her eyes. She squatted down and put the chain on the poodle’s collar, “Let’s go home.”
Then, the little girl followed behind Amanda.
Amanda realized that the little girl was following her, but she didn’t say anything. After a while, the little girl was still following Amanda. So, Amanda stopped. She looked at the little girl and asked, “Where’s your family?”
Amanda could only use sign language when asking the little girl as Amanda couldn’t speak her language.
The sign language was messy, but the little girl got what Amanda meant. She pointed at a big mansion across the river, “My house.”
Amanda understood what the little girl meant. The little girl also lived across the river.
But it was already night time. Wouldn’t her family be worried to let her wandering around at such a late hour?
Amanda walked over, “Let me hold you.”
Amanda also needed to cross the river. Why not send the little girl back home as well?
The little girl wasn’t shy at all, just like her poodle. She let Amanda held her hands.
Amanda thought, “What an unguarded child. What if I’m a bad person?”
The little girl’s parents were so irresponsible.
When they arrived at the bridge, the little girl stopped. “Tired,” said the little girl.
Amanda looked at her and remained silent.
She didn’t speak the little girl’s language. So, she didn’t understand what the little girl meant.
Amanda decided to keep quiet.
The little girl hugged Amanda’s thigh and held her hand, “Carry.”
Amanda felt speechless.
#####Chapter 946 Staying at My Home for One Night
The little girl was so cute when she was pouting. Amanda couldn't bear to say no, so she picked her up.
Then the little girl stretched her tiny white arms around her neck and smiled.
She was too approachable and not afraid of strangers, but that wasn't a good character to have.
Although she was endearing in this way, after all, there were not only good people in this world but also many bad people.
If she was abducted by a trafficker, it was likely that her life would be ruined.
The stone bridge was arched and Amanda carried her to the top, but as she went down, she accidentally broke her foot. There was a stabbing pain in her ankle and her body swayed. She quickly held onto the railing next to her.
"What's wrong with you?" The little girl was startled and clutched her collar with both hands for fear she would just drop her.
She had just almost fallen.
Amanda ignored her and tried to walk on her broken foot. However, as soon as she exerted herself, it hurt so much she couldn't walk.
"Put me down. Or you'll drop me." The little girl struggled.
Amanda whispered, "Don't move."
She couldn't hold her steady with one hand, and if she couldn't hold her later and dropped her, she would fall.
The little girl seemed to understand her and stayed still.
Amanda bent down and put her down.
The little girl stood firmly on her feet on the steps, tilted her head, and said, "I'll go and call someone."
When she finished, without waiting for Amanda to answer, she took off down the stairs on her little short legs and ran.
She looked at the small figure and couldn't help but smile. This child was really reckless.
The little girl's back soon disappeared. She didn't keep waiting, but held onto the railing and slowly made her way down, and tried not to use the foot that she had broken.
Stepping off the stone bridge, she limped towards the house not far away.
It took a little while, but it was good that she got there. All the doors were closed, however.
Only the lights on the road and the doorway were on. The house was dark, and it looked as if no one was there.
Amanda was a little dumbfounded.
Where was everyone?
She went up to the door and knocked, and no one answered.
"..."
What was going on?
She quickly pulled out her phone to contact Joshua.
The phone wasn't answered immediately and only picked up when it rang a second time.
She asked anxiously, "Where's Mum and Dad?"
Joshua was puzzled, "At home."
"The lights aren't even on in the house. How can they be at home?"
Joshua was speechless.
"Where are you now?" He asked.
Without thinking, Amanda replied, "At the place where they live."
That was when it dawned on Joshua, "You've been to Thailand?"
"Yeah."
Joshua was speechless, "Why did you go without even telling me?"
Amanda sat down on the grass and lowered her eyes without saying a word.
She didn't say anything because she didn't want to, of course.
"Theresa's birthday is coming up, plus I'm getting married soon, and Mum is definitely coming back to set up my wedding. So I came back."
"Well ..."
"Of course, I wanted to come back to see you. Now it's not that I don't want to meet you guys. It's just why didn't you guys tell me you were going out?"
Amanda wasn't expecting that.
"Come back, and you can just make it in time for Theresa's birthday."
Amanda pulled up her skirt to look at her ankle, which was red and swollen, "I'm afraid I won't be able to come back."
"Why are you regretting it?" Without waiting for Amanda to answer, Joshua gave her a lecture, "What do you want? Everyone has been so accommodating to you for so long. We've all let you do whatever you want. Now that you want to go back to see Mum and Dad. Why do you change your mind and not come back? What the hell are you thinking?"
"Are you done?" Amanda asked calmly.
Joshua said angrily, "Yes, I'm done."
"I didn't say I didn't want to go back. It's just that I accidentally broke my foot."
Joshua coughed softly, "Oh, so you didn't change your mind. Just go to the hospital. I'll tell them what's going on with you."
Amanda plucked at the grass on the ground, "Don't tell them in case they worry about me again. It's just a small injury. I'll go back when I'm healed."
"That's fine. Feel free to contact me if anything happens later."
Joshua instructed, "You go to the hospital first."
"Okay, I'll hang up then."
"Yes."
She put her phone away and stuffed it in her pocket.
She braced her hands on the ground and tried to stand up. Just then, a dark shadow appeared in front of her, "Hello."
She tilted her head while the man who caught her eye had short hair and well-defined features, dressed in a dark olive green drawstring style military uniform and black leather boots that set him straight and made him look stern.
"Daddy, that's her." The little girl pointed at Amanda, "She twisted her foot when she was carrying me."
Amanda looked to the little girl and then to the man in front of her. Although she didn't understand much, she heard the word “daddy”.
She knew that this man was the little girl's father.
"Hello." She greeted stiffly.
"Let me see your injury."
Surprisingly, the man was speaking English. Amanda's eyes widened, "You know where I'm from?"
The man glanced at the house behind her, "I assume you're here for this?"
Amanda looked back and replied, "Yes."
"Are they your parents?" The man asked.
Amanda nodded, "Yes."
"You look a lot like them." The man said again.
Amanda rubbed her face. So he was judging by looks. She looked to the far side where the little girl had just pointed, which was not very far from here. Her parents had lived over here for a long time, so they should just know each other.
"Just come home with us." At this moment, the little girl took her hand.
Amanda smiled and said, "No need."
"They've all gone back home and there's no hotel around here. If you don't mind, let me take a look at your injury and you can stay at my house for the night. Your parents took good care of my daughter while they were here." The man said very sincerely.
Amanda still refused, "Well, if you can, it would be better to trouble you to take me to the hospital."
It was very late. She would make do at the hospital tonight and wait until tomorrow.
#####Chapter 947 Very Enthusiastic
"You'd better go to my house." The little girl grabbed her hand and wouldn't let her go, and said in English as well, "You don't have anywhere else to go anyway."
The man frowned at his daughter's hand.
This was not the first time this had happened. She wanted to bring home anyone she liked and thought was good-looking.
Amanda looked down at the little girl in surprise. She could speak English too.
The man saw her amazement and explained, "She comes here to play a lot. Your mother taught her."
Amanda nodded.
"Come on, let's go." The little girl was enthusiastic.
Amanda pursed her lips and looked at the man, "I'm sorry to bother you then."
"It’s fine. Can you go?" The man looked at her, "Which foot?"
"Left foot." She replied.
The man knelt, "Let me see."
Amanda instinctively took a step back and almost lost her balance. She didn't feel like they knew each other too well and wasn't quite comfortable letting him look at her feet.
"I have some medical knowledge, and I'm just helping you to see if you've broken your bones. I didn't mean anything else." The man said.
Amanda didn't think he looked like a bad guy either, and if she was any coyer, it would seem like she was being petty. She pulled the hem of her skirt up to reveal her ankles.
The man reached out and touched it, and after a moment, he said, "Your bones aren't hurt. It's just that your ankle is a little red and swollen. Put a cold compress on it and it will heal in a few days."
Amanda said, "Thanks."
"If you're okay, let's go." The little girl said.
Amanda looked at her. It wasn't good for her to be so approachable and unafraid of strangers, so she said to her father, "Your daughter is very sweet and unafraid of strangers. She better has someone with her or else she'll be in trouble if she meets a bad person."
The man knew why his daughter was like that. There were maids following her, but she was so mischievous that she used to shake off those who followed her.
"I'll keep an eye out." When he finished, he held out his arm and said in a gentlemanly manner, "Let me hold you up as you walk."
Amanda took his arm, "Thank you, my name is Amanda. What should I call you?"
"Joan Morton." The man said.
His name was the opposite of Amanda's. Amanda's surname came first and her first name came last, while his name came first and his surname came last.
This was some way from the busy city. He still stayed here because the mansion he lived in was handed down from his ancestors.
He had a hereditary title and his family was noble in the last century, which extended to the present day.
Having inherited the title, it was his duty to guard the glory of the Morton family and the huge fortune accumulated by his ancestors.
At one time, it was rumoured that the Morton family had amassed a fortune that was as rich as a nation.
As time went on, the city grew towards the south bank of the river. The further south it went, the more prosperous it became. The houses that remained on the north bank were mansions preserved by the great families.
Some families sold their houses when they fell on hard times, while others regularly repaired them to keep them intact for future generations to see.
But not many people lived there, and this made this side much more deserted.
It was also a good place for people who liked peace and quietness.
Of course, it was not easy to buy a house in this area. They were worth a lot of money and the average person could not afford them.
They walked for a while before they reached the place.
It was a yellow mansion that covered an extremely large area and looked to be well protected. Although not as diverse as modern buildings, it retained the prosperity of that era.
Walking inside, Amanda got a better sense of the aristocracy of the mansion. There were high arched doors, delicate ornaments made of solid gold, while crimson velvet curtains ran vertically from the top downwards and every window glass was polished to a high shine. Standing in the hall, she felt like she was in a palace.
Thai people preferred goldware, and the delicate glazed cups and cutlery were encrusted with gold.
#####Chapter 948 He Can Afford to Keep You
As soon as they entered, a maid in traditional Thai dress approached and took the hat Joan handed over.
"Go and bring some ice over here," Joan instructed.
The maid replied very respectfully and retreated.
Amanda always felt that she had bothered them and said, "I'm sorry to bother you today."
Joan helped her sit on the sofa, "Actually, I know your father."
She tilted her head.
Joan didn't go into details, "I'll go and change."
"Okay." Amanda felt she was already disturbing them and was too embarrassed to ask for anything else, much less inconvenience him.
The little girl propped her chin up and sat on the sofa opposite her, looking her up and down.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" Amanda glanced upstairs, "Where's your mother?"
Then the little girl smiled, showing her white teeth, "How about you be my mommy?"
Amanda's face went pale with shock. Not only was she not afraid of strangers, but she was also randomly claiming someone else as her mother.
Was she out of her mind?
But she seemed so normal and so smart.
The little girl pointed upstairs and said mysteriously, "That man doesn't have a wife."
Amanda followed her finger and glanced upwards as if she understood what she meant. But the more she understood, the more confused she became.
If her father didn't have a wife, then where did she come from?
But she wasn't interested in the private affairs of other people's families and changed the subject, "I don't know your name yet."
"You can call me Nina." The little girl ran over and took her hand, "OK?"
"What?"
"That's you ..."
"Nina." At this moment, Joan called out to her. Amanda looked up and saw that he had changed out of his awesome military uniform and was wearing a white shirt and beige slacks, looking less serious and much more approachable.
"Sally, take her to the bath." He instructed the maid.
Nina was reluctant but obeyed and followed the maid away.
Joan took a towel and wrapped the ice cubes the maid had placed on the table in it. Amanda realized what he was going to do and held out her hand, "I'll do it myself."
Joan handed it to her without insisting, "Don't mind if Nina says something to you."
Amanda wrapped the towel around her red, swollen ankle and asked, "I wouldn't mind. It's just that she ..."
Could it be that when she saw a woman, she would say, 'How about you being my mother?'
Well ...
"I hope you don't mind me asking. Is your wife not there?" Amanda asked politely.
Joan poured a glass of water and said, "I'm not married."
Amanda was speechless.
So where did Nina come from?
An accident?
But he seemed so decent, not quite a man who would be out messing around with women.
No. She couldn’t judge a man just by his appearance.
Maybe he just looked like a nice guy, but he was actually a scumbag, like Stanford, who looked decent.
And this time, in City B.
At the hospital.
Stanford was just waking up in the VIP ward.
There were doctors in white coats standing around the bed, and Atwood was also there.
He was the one who received the call to bring Stanford to the hospital.
He had been treated and was not in a life-threatening condition. Now he needed to decide for himself. He had injured his leg and needed surgery, but recovery from the operation would take at least six months, if not, three or five months at the earliest.
Although he had family, he and his father did not get along and he was not close to his half-brother. The consent form for the operation needed to be signed by the family.
If it was an emergency, Atwood could sign it, but right now, Stanford's life was not in danger, so he had to give his own consent to the operation.
After taking a glance, Stanford signed, "Can you get me back to normal for a month?"
The doctor was embarrassed, "Your injury isn’t a big deal, and you just need time to recover. You won't be well for a month."
Atwood knew why he wanted to get back to normal quickly and persuaded him, "Actually, it would be better if you let Madam calm down during this period."
Stanford looked at him coldly. He didn't want to wait, not for a moment!
He just wanted to get her back quickly, and he was afraid of losing her again.
He had already lost her once, and he knew what it was like to miss her.
"Two months."
"Three months at least." The doctor did not dare to boast but only dared to say the time within his grasp.
"If you limp, can you still get Madam back? You'd better get the operation first." Atwood defied his cold, stern scowl, "Doctor, prepare for surgery."
Stanford calmed down, "You find out where she's been. I need to know her whereabouts."
Atwood said, "Okay."
An hour later, Stanford was taken to the operating room, and during this time, only Atwood stood guard outside.
It was not a major life-or-death operation, but he clearly had family, and none of them was with him, which seemed a bit miserable.
Atwood also hoped that Amanda would be able to forgive Stanford.
He felt that Stanford's childhood had actually contributed to his misfortune. If only his father had shown him some care after his mother's death, it would not have led him to miss the warmth of his mother when she was still alive, and thus to be so bent on avenging her that he was blinded by hatred.
All Atwood knew was that Stanford wanted to get Amanda back, but what he didn’t know was the pain Stanford felt.
Not only did he hurt the one he loved, but he also killed his own child.
They were under the same sky, but in a different country, and a different place…
Amanda lay down on the bed. The room was clean, and probably because there were mosquitoes here, the bed had a mosquito net. The soft gauze overlapped several layers.
She felt tired, but she wasn't much sleepier and couldn't sleep even if she wanted to.
There was a click, then the doorknob moved, and Nina pushed in with the puppy in her arms, "Are you asleep?"
Amanda said, "No."
She closed the door and ran over, climbed into her bed, then looked at her and said, "I couldn't sleep either."
Amanda smiled and reached out to pet her head. This little girl was so cute, and it just wasn't good that she made friends with strangers so easily.
"I forgot to introduce you. His name is Okeydokey."
Nina pointed to the puppy.
Amanda said, "You named it?"
Nina nodded and asked, "Is it nice?"
Amanda said, "Yes."
Because it was indeed not bad.
"Have you thought about what I told you?" Nina repeated what Joan had interrupted her earlier, "Just be my mother."
Amanda was speechless.
"I look too young to be your mother. And I've only just met your dad for the first time." Amanda thought to herself that this man was so irresponsible, and since he had a child, he should have married her mother. Even if he didn't like the woman, he had to do it for the sake of the child.
Otherwise, as the child grew up in a single-parent household, she was prone to having flaws in her character.
Besides, she felt that Nina had a flaw in her character right now. Otherwise, why would she have asked her to mother her when she saw her?
Nina said seriously, "I only asked you to be my mother because you are young and pretty. There are plenty of women who want to be my mother, but I don't like them, and neither does Daddy."
She pouted, "What's wrong with you meeting my dad for the first time? Isn't my dad handsome? He's very handsome. Let me introduce you so you're familiar with him. His name is Joan. He is 29 years old and is known as Lord Morton. He has a house full of jewels and can afford to keep you."
Amanda was once again speechless.
#####Chapter 949 She Can't Be Overwhelmed With Sympathy
This child was too precocious, wasn't she?
Was this something a four-or five-year-old could say?
Amanda seriously doubted it.
She rolled over, "I'm sleepy, and I'm going to bed."
Nina crawled over her and into her arms, "Just think about it."
Amanda didn't know how to talk to her, so she just pretended to sleep.
Nina shook her while she didn't move or say anything. After doing this a few more times, Nina felt bored and let go, then lay in her arms and mumbled, "It's early. Why are you so sleepy?"
Amanda was speechless.
She muttered in her mind, "It's late, okay?”
After a while, Nina fell asleep and Okeydokey also fell asleep at the end of the bed. Amanda thought to herself that the puppy looked a lot like its owner.
Seeing that Nina was sleeping peacefully, she didn't move and just let her sleep in her arms.
Then she also slowly fell asleep.
Probably because she was in a strange place, she didn't sleep well, but waked up several times during the night and got up early in the morning.
She put Nina down and got up, then sat up in bed and rubbed her aching arms. She was afraid that Nina would wake up, so she hadn't changed positions all night and her arms were numb from being pillowed.
Knock-knock ...
There was a knock on the door of the room.
Amanda said come in, and then the door to the room was pushed open. She expected it to be the maid this early in the morning, yet it wasn't, but Joan. His eyes crossed to her to see the little girl lying behind her and frowned slightly, "She disturbed your rest last night, didn't she?"
"No," Amanda said.
Joan nailed her lie very bluntly, "So why didn't you rest well?"
Amanda blinked.
He said, "You've got dark shadows under your eyes."
Amanda was speechless.
She was thinking to herself that this man was not only a scumbag but also very dull.
"Let me help you up." Joan walked over to the bed.
"No need." Amanda waved her hand in a rush. She hadn't felt good about the man ever since she thought he had Nina out of wedlock.
"I can do it myself." She sat down on the edge of the bed, put her feet down to put on her slippers, and tried to stand up on her uninjured feet.
Joan didn't insist and said, "Okay. Just take care of yourself."
With that, he turned to walk out when Amanda called out to him, "Can you do me a favour?"
"What?"
"If you can, take me to the city today." Her foot would heal in a few days and she couldn't stay here all the time. She had to go and stay in a hotel.
"You're not healed yet." Joan said.
"Well, I still have things to do, so ..."
"What do you have to do?" Nina woke up in a daze. Her sleepiness dissipated at the sound of her voice, and instead, she sat up and looked at her and asked.
Amanda turned around. When did this difficult little girl wake up?
Nina rubbed her eyes, "I thought you said you were going to be my mother. How can you leave?"
Amanda was speechless.
When did she say that?
"Are you not awake?" Amanda asked.
Nina tilted her head. Her hair was a mess, but it couldn't hide her small, white cheeks, "I'm wide awake."
"Then you must have been dreaming. I didn't promise you to be your mother." She couldn't afford to be overwhelmed with sympathy for such things.
This little girl was endearing and it was heartbreaking that she longed for a mother because she didn't have one, but she couldn't just agree to such things.
Nina blinked, and tears gradually welled up in her eyes.
Amanda got flustered for a moment, "Well, you should ask your dad for your mommy. I can't really be your mum."
Joan came over and picked Nina up, "Sally."
Soon the maid came running over, "Sir."
"Take her to her own room and get her changed."
Nina hugged Joan's neck and wouldn't let go, "Daddy."
"Do as you're told." Joan patted her head, "Don't you want to go to the amusement park? I'm taking you there today, so be a good girl and do as you're told."
"Really?" Nina's eyes were wide open. There were still tears in her eyes, but she was smiling.
"Really." Joan replied affirmatively.
"Thank you, I love you." With that, she kissed Joan on the cheek and then followed the maid out obediently.
When Nina left, Joan spoke, "Because she has no mother, so ..."
"That's why you should have married her mother, otherwise Nina would have been prone to having flaws in her character. I think, as a man, you have to have a sense of responsibility."
Amanda interrupted him and gave a lecture.
Joan looked at her quietly for two minutes.
Amanda's scalp was tingling from the look he was giving her, and she didn't know what he meant.
Was he angry that she had rebuked him?
But he had let a woman have a child and then didn't want the woman anymore, just the child. That kind of behaviour was indeed unethical.
"Well, I mean ... that ..."
Amanda explained for a long time without coming up with a good answer.
"Breakfast is almost ready. Just wash up." With that, he turned to leave.
Amanda was speechless.
Had she offended the man who had taken her in for the night?
But even if he had taken her in for the night, there was really something wrong with his character.
She limped to the bathroom, which was prepared with toiletries. And after she washed up, she limped out again.
Nina was already wearing a pink lace dress with a braid and a little flower on her head. Her eyes were wide open and when her eyelashes fluttered, she looked like a doll.
Amanda looked at her face and thought that her mother was definitely not a Thai. Because she was more like someone from a Western country.
#####Chapter 950 She Had Always Thought Wrong
Seeing Amanda smiling, Nina ran over and helped her, "Let me hold you up."
Amanda looked at her and thought she had just been too direct. Nina was still a child, and there was nothing wrong with her wanting a mother. She shouldn't have been so blunt but should have been more tactful so as not to upset her.
"Doesn't your dad usually have time for you?" Amanda thought it was actually quite easy for her to be content. She could be so happy when Joan said he'd take her to an amusement park.
Nina nodded, "He's busy and doesn't have time."
Amanda thought to herself that he should spend time with his own child even if he didn't have time, and Nina was a motherless child.
"He's tried so hard to keep me company." Nina lowered her eyes and suddenly became depressed.
Amanda was at a loss for words. Had she said the wrong thing?
How had she become upset all of a sudden?
Her mood changed so quickly that she was caught off guard.
"Well, Nina ..."
Nina looked up at her, "I'm fine."
Amanda was speechless.
This kid ...
"My mum and dad are dead, and he adopted me," Nina said.
Amanda looked at her for a long time. That meant she had been thinking wrong?
She wasn't actually Joan's illegitimate child?
And he hadn't been irresponsible?
"My mum and dad died and my grandparents wouldn't raise me, so I became an orphan with no one to look after me. He was the one who took me into this family and became my father ..."
She blinked, "Actually, he's pathetic."
Amanda was speechless.
Joan was pathetic?
What was pathetic about him?
He was powerful and influential. How was he pathetic?
What did she mean by the word “pathetic”?
If he was pathetic, weren't the ordinary people in this world who ran around for money even more pathetic?
"He's too busy to find a wife. Isn't that pathetic?" Nina blinked.
Amanda was speechless.
So she went around looking for a mother to find him a wife?
This kid ...
Amanda didn't know what to say about her anymore.
"Nina." Joan walked over, "Come here."
He waved.
Nina immediately ran over, then tilted her head back and called sweetly, "Daddy."
Joan picked her up and placed her on a chair in front of the dining table. The table was long and could seat at least twenty people.
"Miss Nelson, come and eat." Joan pulled out her chair for her in a very gentlemanly manner.
Amanda was ashamed of what she had thought earlier when she knew that Nina was not his illegitimate child. How could she freely speculate on a person's character?
And she'd said those things to him.
"I thought Nina was your ..."
Realizing that Nina was still at the table, she hurriedly stopped talking. Such words couldn't be said in front of the child.
Joan knew what she was going to say and was concerned about Nina, so instead of answering, he changed the subject, "I don't know if you're used to eating the food."
Amanda said, "I'm not a picky eater."
Knowing that he wasn't an irresponsible man, she felt as if he wasn't that annoying anymore.
In City B.
Stanford's surgery was a success.
It was just that he needed to recuperate in bed and couldn't walk off the floor yet, and he had only Atwood by his side.
"Is Lindsay still alive?" Stanford, lying on the hospital bed, suddenly asked.
Atwood wondered why he suddenly thought of Lindsay and said, "She's still in jail, alive."
"She should die." Stanford was impassive, but what he said was cold and harsh.
"It's a good thing that Madam is fine and she was punished." Atwood didn't know that Amanda had lost her baby in that fire.
So he didn't understand why Stanford had suddenly mentioned her again.
"In fact, she made such a big mistake just because she loves you, and she is not sinful enough to die. If she is willing to correct herself, why don't you give her a chance to reform herself ..."
"What did you say?" Atwood's words were barely finished when Stanford interrupted him, "She's not sinful enough to die?"
Meeting his gloomy eyes, Atwood swallowed, "Well, I'm not pleading for mercy for her. It's just that ... it's just that ..."
He explained for a long time without coming up with a good answer.
Stanford closed his eyes to hide all emotion, "She doesn't deserve to live. Let her be buried with the dead."
Atwood froze. Did he mean what he said as he understood it?
Let Lindsay die?
She was trying to get Amanda killed, but Amanda was still alive and well. Who did he want her to be buried with?
Now that she was in jail, and he didn't have to kill her.
"Well ..."
"Atwood, stop pleading for mercy for her. She doesn't deserve it, and she's far more vicious than you can imagine. Do as I say." Stanford still didn't open his eyes, just tilted his head slightly to the side of the window.
Atwood was silent for a moment and said, "I'll get on it."
Atwood murmured Lindsay's name.
Although he didn't understand it, he went to do it anyway.
Only, he didn't see Lindsay. She was gone.
What was going on?
He immediately went to see Blithe and wanted to ask what was going on.
However, Blithe didn't know either, and said, "It's impossible."
"I really haven't seen her or I wouldn't have come to you." Atwood looked at him and said, "She didn't escape, did she?"
"Are you kidding? Is this place where she can escape just because she wants to?" Blithe was very cautious. After all, if Lindsay disappeared, he would be held responsible.
He had promised Abbott that he would keep a close eye on her and let her die of old age in prison.
Now Lindsay was gone. How was he going to explain that to him?
"Come on, let's go check it out." Blithe took the lead and walked out.
Atwood followed him.
#####Chapter 951 Better Than An Outsider
On the way to prison from the police station, Atwood asked, “Mr. Donald, were you really unaware of this matter?”
Atwood found that to be unlikely. After all, how could someone just disappear into thin air in prison?
She had always relied on Stanford. Other than Stanford and Blithe Donald, no one else could help her.
Plus, was it possible for someone to enter and exit the prison as they pleased?
Atwood couldn’t help but get the idea that Blithe was the only person who could get her out of prison.
In return for his question, Blithe only gave him a glimpse and said nothing.
He had no obligation to explain it to Atwood.
He expected that she would go missing, and little did Atwood knew that Blithe was even more eager to figure this matter out than anyone else.
After a while, the car came to a halt. Blithe pretended to be unaware of the case and requested the warden to bring him a particular prisoner.
Upon hearing her name, the warden said, “This woman is sick and she is getting treated in the hospital now.” Atwood immediately turned to Blithe, thinking to himself, ‘Didn’t he say that he was unaware of it?’
“Why am I not informed about it?” Blithe asked. For such matters, the wardens would need to seek his approval, but he had never received an application from their side.
‘How sick was she? Why must she be treated at other hospitals and not the one in prison?’
He ignored Atwood’s questioning gaze and instructed the warden sternly, “Bring me to her now.”
“Yes, sir.” From Blithe’s tone, the warden knew there was trouble.
Hence, the group left the prison. On the way to the hospital, the warden asked, “Mr. Donald, do you really not know about it?”
Blithe squinted, “What do you mean?”
“We have been keeping a close watch on her under your order. She could leave this time because Michael came and handled the matter. We thought that was what you wanted too.”
Blithe raised his brows at the revelation. Some time ago, Michael’s relative committed a crime, so he went to Blithe and asked for his help. However, Blithe rejected his request because that was quite a serious crime, and Blithe believed that this kind of people should get punished as they deserved.
After the initial discussion, Michael brought the matter up a few times more. Blithe was angered by it and lectured him, “As government officers, we must lead by example. People who have committed crimes and endangered society cannot be let go so easily. Although it’s your relative, it’s a fact that he committed a crime, and he should be punished for that. We can’t let him go just because he’s your relative, do you understand?”
Michael did not speak of the matter again after that.
He had been performing his tasks diligently as usual.
‘Could it be that he had been hiding his dissatisfaction?’
Blithe’s expression turned gloomy.
Soon, they arrived at the hospital, and the warden took them to the woman’s ward. As per the protocol, two police officers would be needed to guard a prisoner who was hospitalized to prevent the prisoner from escaping. Sure enough, the warden arranged for all of that. He even came to the hospital to check on it yesterday.
No one was at the door when they arrived at the ward today. The warden went to ask around and he was told that the woman was having a check-up now. The group went to the examination section and again, asked the nurses around about what kind of check-up Lindsay was having.
One of the nurses checked the document and said it was a B-scan ultrasound. Atwood asked more, “What sickness does she have?”
“I’m not sure.” As many diseases needed to be determined through a B-scan ultrasound, nothing more was written on the form other than the type of check-up she had. The doctor can only confirm the exact sickness after taking a look at the results.
“Let’s go.” Blithe said. The most important thing was getting to Lindsay now.
Even until now, he still didn’t believe that Lindsay was sick.
When they arrived at the B-scan ultrasound examination ward, they saw the two police officers responsible for watching over Lindsay guarding the door. It made them feel slightly more assured. Fortunately, she was still around. This way, there wouldn’t be much trouble.
“When did she go in? It’s not done yet?” The warden asked.
“It’s been a while. She should be out soon,” One of the police officers answered.
At this time, Michael appeared with a bag of food in his hands, which fell to the ground when he caught sight of Blithe. He turned around immediately, wanting to leave the scene, but unfortunately for him, Atwood had seen him and went forward to stop him.
Michael panicked and started to blabber incoherent words, “Mr… Mr. Donald.”
Blithe did not reply to him. Instead, he threw Michael a cold gaze.
“Next.” At this moment, the nurse from the ward called for the next patient. However, no one had come out of the room yet.
Atwood shoved Michael to the ground and rushed into the examination ward. There were only two doctors who were in charge of the medical check-up there. 
The warden, who followed behind Atwood into the room, noticed the scene too. He asked, “Where’s the patient just now?”
“Oh, her. She went to the toilet and never came back.” The doctors had waited for some time, so they decided to move on to the next patient.
“Block all the exits now,” Blithe ordered.
The warden walked out while he spoke on the phone. Atwood rushed out too.
According to the doctor’s words, Lindsay wouldn’t have much time to escape by now if that was her intention.
However, they couldn’t find her even after three hours of searching.
Michael and the two police officers who were responsible for guarding her were taken to the interrogation room. 
“At least one officer needs to be by the prisoner’s side if he or she was getting treatment from an external hospital, am I right? Do the both of you not know about it? Why were you guys standing outside?”
The two officers turned to look at Michael simultaneously. One of them answered, “ He said it was your orders and we do not need to guard her side by side.
Michael, upon knowing that his plan had been exposed, fell to the ground weakly.
He had been working for Blithe for a long time. Blithe trusted Michael a lot, and he never expected such a thing to happen.
It was devastating.
“What’s going on? Explain it to me.” Blithe’s expression was dark. He couldn’t get out of this situation easily either. After all, Michael was his subordinate.
Blithe sighed, blaming himself for his lack of judgment in choosing the best candidate.
“It’s not like I can be released from the punishment after I explain it,” Michael replied dully. Truth be told, he didn’t expect Lindsay to escape too.
“It’ll be worse if you just keep your mouth shut!” Blithe said sternly, “Do you know where she escaped to?”
“I really don’t know about that.” Michael laughed at himself in mockery, “At this point, I’ll tell you guys everything I know.”
Now that Michael was in deep trouble himself, he could care less about covering up for Lindsay.
“You better pray that we get to her! If we can’t find her, you’ll face the consequences!” Blithe called someone in after he was done speaking to Michael, “Lock him up.”
Then, he looked at the other two officers, “This is your chance to make up for your mistake. Go and find her and bring her back.”
The pair replied with a yes.
After a day of futile search, Atwood and the police officers went back to the hospital.
When he arrived at Stanford’s room, he heard people talking in it. The door wasn’t fully shut, and through its slit, he saw Alyssa and Enoch, who was in a wheelchair.
They came to the hospital two days after knowing Stanford was involved in an accident. 
If they were truly concerned, they would’ve come right after getting word of it. After all, it was all over the news that Aegis Security Services, which was acquired was J&Y Group existed only on paper. It lost him billions of dollars.
And he got into the accident because of his terrible mood.
Well, that was what the media reported.
But Stanford was more than clear about how he got into the accident.
“You need to rest after the accident, but we have a problem. Someone else needs to take over and be in charge of the company. What about you get George to help out? Better to trust your own family than an outsider,” Enoch had a hidden meaning behind his words. Atwood and Stanford had the closest relationship with each other, and Stanford trusted him the most too. For all the matters that he cannot return to the company to settle himself, he will get Atwood to do it.
#####Chapter 952 Atwood Barret, You’re Looking For Death
As soon as Enoch spoke, Alyssa added, “Your father’s right, Stanford. George is family, but can you trust the others to really care about you?”
Stanford gazed at the pair coldly. They expressed no concern, or at the least, pretended to care for his well-being at all ever since their arrival. But what were they saying was good for him now?
He snorted, “Do the both of you really care about me? Are the both of you here today to visit me, or is it for your son?”
Enoch felt humiliated. Just as he was about to speak, Alyssa stopped him. She was afraid that her husband couldn’t hold it in and start a fight with Stanford, so she spoke first, “Of course we care about you. We saw the news and you lost so much money. If you had someone you could trust at work, you wouldn’t have suffered such a loss. I’m telling you, they’re useless.”
After Alyssa saw the news, she couldn’t sleep for the whole night. She kept thinking about all the things she could’ve done with the billions of dollars.
Even the thought of it hurt her.
With that, she was more determined than ever to get her son into J&Y Group and obtain half of the family’s wealth.
Stanford didn’t want to waste more time on this matter, “Did you know that your son caused trouble in the company the last time he came? Is he out from the mental hospital already?”
“No matter what, he’s your brother. How could you…”
“Did he regard me as his brother when he caused trouble in the company?” Stanford retorted without waiting for Enoch to finish his words.
Enoch couldn’t say anything, or rather, he did not know what to say, so Alyssa stepped in, “He had no ill intentions…”
That earned her a glare from Stanford, which sent chills all over her body. His gaze scared her, so she swallowed all of her unfinished words.
“I’m tired. The both of you may leave now,” Stanford wanted them to leave as he refused to waste more time arguing with them.
“I heard your legs are injured. It’s best to have someone you trust to take over the company for the time being, and George is our best choice. Stanford, you and George are both my sons. I would only wish for nothing but the best for both of you.” Enoch was still on George’s side, and he wanted to use this chance to get his younger son into the company, “You even sent him to the mental hospital previously. As I said, he’s still your younger brother no matter what happens. If he had done something wrong to you before, the both of you should be even now, shouldn’t you?”
Stanford was on the verge of wrath. If it was any other day in the past, he could leave right away when he didn’t want to listen to their blabbers. However, he couldn’t do that now, and his patience had reached its limits.
They said they cared about him, but they asked nothing about his injury ever since they stepped into this room. All they did was fought for their younger son’s benefits.
‘What did they say they were? My father? My younger brother?’
Stanford was disheartened.
“George is your younger brother. On the other hand, the Atwood guy is not related to you at all. You should know who to choose.”
“Atwood isn’t related to me, but he has been by my side, taking care of me after the accident. Let me ask you, why isn’t my family around?”
Stanford asked calmly. He showed no trace of anger or dissatisfaction at all. He could do that because he understood them, which was why he didn’t want to continue this argument anymore.
However, this couple wasn’t willing to leave just yet.
“Stanford…”
“Mr. James.” At this time, Atwood entered the room. Enoch stopped speaking to glare at him, “What’s wrong with you? Don’t you know how to knock?”
Atwood replied, “The door wasn’t closed, so I came in.”
“Even if that’s the case, you need to show respect too. I was talking to my son, and you just interrupted…”
“I allowed him to enter my room without having to knock first. Do you have any opinions on that too?” Stanford was impatient since long ago, “Atwood, see off the guests for me.”
“Stanford…”
“Another word and I’ll donate all of my wealth away. George can dream about getting a penny from me.” Stanford didn’t want to argue on the rights and wrongs with them, but Enoch and Alyssa clearly were coming for his wealth. They kept bugging him just because they wanted to get George into his company. They emphasized family relations, but have they ever treated Stanford as a family?
They kept emphasizing that Stanford and George were brothers, but have they ever told George the same words when he came to Stanford’s company to cause trouble and ruin his reputation?
The pair would only say this to Stanford, hoping that he’d take a step back.
Have they ever treated him as a family?
Stanford’s heart was stone cold. He wasn’t moved by their words at all.
“You’d better stop bothering me in the future. If you irritate me even further, I’ll stop paying your medical bills,” Stanford said ruthlessly.
Enoch’s expression turned ugly. He was an old, unhealthy man without any savings. If Stanford were to stop supporting him financially, he wouldn’t be able to survive.
After Alyssa married him, she stopped working and became a full-time housewife.
Both of them depended solely on the medical fees given by Stanford, where the excess would be for their living expenses.
They desperately wanted to get George to work in Stanford’s company because with that, George could get a part of the company’s shares. By then, they’d achieve financial freedom and could break free from Stanford’s control.
“I’m your dad!” Enoch growled.
“I don’t have a choice.” If Stanford could choose, he would never have chosen Enoch to be his father.
“I suggest the both of you leave now,” Atwood said, stretching out his hands to push Enoch’s wheelchair.
Only to get a roar from the elderly man in response, “Get the fuck away!”
Atwood wasn’t bothered. He continued to push Enoch’s wheelchair out, albeit a little forcefully.
“Atwood Barret, you’re looking for death!” Enoch slammed his fist on the wheelchair’s armrest in fury. He couldn’t get up, so no matter how angry or how he threatened Atwood, he was still forcefully pushed out of the room.
Without Enoch around, Alyssa did not dare to say anything. She followed behind him and left the room too.
“I’m sorry to do this, but Mr. James needs to rest. He can’t be disturbed, so perhaps the both of you shouldn’t visit him anymore in the future.” Atwood wasn’t bothered by Enoch’s anger at all.
“Who do you think you are?” Enoch pointed his finger, which was trembling because he was so mad, at Atwood. 
Atwood remained calm and left after giving Enoch a simple nod.
Alyssa took over and pushed the wheelchair. She glanced at Atwood, “He went overboard. How could he treat you like this?”
Then, her topic turned in another direction, “I bet he only dared to treat you this way because he knows he’s important to Stanford. It looks like your son is on the outsider’s side.”
With Alyssa, who was adding fuel to the fire, Enoch became angrier than he initially was.
“You’re still his father regardless of what happens. It’s too disrespectful of him to treat you like this.” Alyssa continued to say.
Enoch scolded her, “Stop it!”
Alyssa shut up in an instant and thought to herself that Atwood definitely wouldn’t give them any money anymore if Enoch were dead.
She pursed her lips and continued to Enoch’s wheelchair. Along the way, she started to complain again, “Your son is too rebellious. You have to be tougher to him.”
Enoch looked back at her. ‘Am I not tough enough?’
“Don’t speak of this matter anymore.”
He had enough!
Stanford had no respect for him at all, humiliating him again and again.
He even embarrassed Enoch in front of an outsider this time around.
“What about George then?”
“I could care less about him now.” Enoch was frustrated to his limits. He wanted the best for his younger son too, but what could he do when Stanford was so stubborn?
He was furious.
Alyssa did not know what to do as well. If she had a plan, she wouldn’t have persuaded Enoch to come to the hospital.
Stanford had changed. He wasn’t the kid she used to know anymore, and it was more difficult to deal with him now.
It was too difficult to snatch anything from him.
“Sigh.” Alyssa regretted, thinking to herself that she should’ve been more ruthless. If she had killed him back then, none of this would’ve happened today!
Stanford had taken away all the family’s assets, and they needed to depend on his charity to continue with their lives.
“George can work somewhere else first.” Enoch didn’t want his son to spend his time in vain his whole life.
“He doesn’t have a diploma. What kind of job can he get?” Alyssa complained.
#####Chapter 953 I Need To Tell You Something
“He didn’t take his studies seriously because you spoiled him too much, didn’t you?” 
Enoch was right, but he never thought of the fact that maybe he might have made a mistake too.
Alyssa snorted, “Is he only my son? Don’t you have the responsibility to educate him too?”
“Are you trying to piss me off to death?” Enoch was already on the verge of explosion from how Stanford treated him, but Alyssa still wanted to argue with him now. Did she want him to die from anger?
Alyssa kept quiet and started to form a plan in her mind. It seemed that she couldn’t depend on Enoch to get Stanford’s approval.
Plus, they’d tried two times. Enoch was already impatient, and he didn’t see any hope in this method anymore.
On the other side…
In the hospital…
Atwood closed to door of Stanford’s room and walked towards him, “Mr. James, why don’t I make a room transfer for you?”
Stanford had spoken to the doctor. He could return home and rest, so there wasn’t a need to switch rooms. However, all these were not what he cared about most now. He wanted to know where Amanda had gone, “Have you find out where she went?”
Atwood checked the flight details and replied, “Thailand.”
The two of them knew why she chose to go there. She had family in Thailand.
Atwood knew that Stanford liked Amanda, but he knew that it was difficult for them to patch things up too. Her family probably wouldn’t agree to it too.
He didn’t want Stanford’s health to be affected because of this, “Mr. James, I still believe that it’s impossible to fix what has been done. I think you should just let her go.”
To Stanford, Atwood was his most-trusted person. He had the closest relationship to Atwood too, who always knew what was on his mind.
Now that Atwood had said such words, Stanford felt afraid.
He was afraid that Atwood was right.
It was difficult to fix a broken mirror.
There was a human life that was in the way of their relationship.
At this thought, Stanford teared up.
He could’ve built his own family, but he tore it apart with his own two hands. He killed his own child.
Recently, he suffered insomnia and couldn’t sleep all night.
Even if he managed to sleep from extreme fatigue, nightmares would haunt him.
“Atwood, don’t say anything like this next time.” Stanford said, “Go and proceed with the procedures so I can get discharged.”
Atwood knew nothing about the child. He was speaking from the perspective of an outsider. He just felt that it was difficult for two people to get back together without minding the past.
Once a mirror was broken, it couldn’t go back to its original state regardless of how top-tier the glue was used to put it back. There’d still be cracks.
When the two people face each other, they will be reminded of the unhappy incidents from the past. There will always be an unbreakable barrier between them.
Rather than living together in regrets, why don’t they just let go and chase after their own happiness, and lead a good life?
Atwood went against Stanford this time around and continued, “She knows that it was all a well-designed plan, from the moment you approached her to the rest that follows. Would she still believe you after knowing all of your so-called love for her was just for revenge? What do you think is the answer? She wouldn’t trust you anymore, not after you hurt her and almost took her life away. How should she face you? How could she face you?”
Atwood tried to persuade Stanford because he didn’t want Stanford to suffer.
It might be painful at first, but all wounds would heal eventually. With time, only a light scar would be left behind, but it wouldn’t hurt anymore.
However, if the two of them were to get back together, it will hurt from time to time when they looked at each other and was reminded of the past.
If this was the case, wouldn’t it be better if the both of them started another relationship, with someone else who was more compatible with each of them?
Stanford looked at Atwood. His hands were curling in fists. If it were not Atwood but anyone else who was saying such words at this moment, Stanford would’ve asked them to leave already.
Even if Atwood were right, Stanford wouldn’t give up.
In fact, he had liked Amanda from a long time ago.
He just didn’t know about it!
He was the one who caused this current situation. It was painful for Stanford to lose his child too, so he wanted to do his best and make it up to her.
Stanford had always felt that he didn’t have a home, but he just understood that those peaceful, warm days he spent with her during the three years of their marriage were home to him.
“Don’t say that anymore.”
Stanford didn’t want to hear such words anymore.
“If you’re going to repeat something along those lines, you can leave now.”
Atwood was stunned for a moment. He stood in his spot, his feet rooted to the ground for a long time, “You don’t only need to get her back, but you need to…deal with her family too. Are you sure about this?”
“I’m sure of it, so don’t say something like that anymore.” Stanford knew that Atwood was only concerned about him, so he wanted to talk about his feelings for the first time with other people.
He called Atwood, his voice slightly hoarse, “Do you know what a heartache feels like?”
Atwood shook his head.
He had never fallen in love before, so he couldn’t understand those feelings.
There was still a difference between liking someone and loving someone after all.
“I know.” There weren’t any traces of coldness on Stanford’s face. He looked sad at this moment.
When he knew that he was supposed to be a father, but…
That moment suffocated him.
What he had always wanted to pursue had been by his side all along.
He just didn’t know how precious it was until the moment he lost it.
“Actually, I am selfish. I hurt her, but I still want her.” Stanford knew that wishing her happiness was perhaps the best thing to do, but he couldn’t bring himself to do that.
He tried everything, only to put things back as to how it was in the past—to have three meals a day together; To go to bed together; To see her smiling and whining like a baby to him.
She once told him, “Stanford, I hope that we have a daughter next time.”
When he heard about having a child, his heart was moved, but he ignored the unfamiliar feeling quickly and asked her flatly, “Why do you prefer daughters?”
She said, “Because I get to name her Aimee, which means the beloved one.”
Stanford did not reply, because he knew such a scenario couldn’t happen.
Although they did not use protection when they had sex, Amanda did not get pregnant in the three years they were married, so Stanford felt that it wouldn’t happen. If she could get pregnant, it would’ve happened long ago.
Now that Stanford thought about it, he finally understood the reason he never used a condom.
He had never thought if they should keep the child if Amanda did get pregnant.
After all, he didn’t understand his own feelings back then.
Perhaps his subconscious actions had already reflected his true feelings.
He wasn’t afraid that she would get pregnant, because by then, they could build a family of three. Did that mean that he was ready to spend a lifetime with her?
If he were clear-headed enough, he wouldn’t have allowed her to have the chance to get pregnant at all.
Because he didn’t love her back then, all he thought about was revenge, and it would only hurt the child if she were to get pregnant. With his IQ, it was a sure thing that he understood this reasoning.
But he did not do that.
If one were to ask Stanford to explain when he started to love her, he could not give a specific answer too.
It could be the first time they met. It could be a certain moment. Or it could be from the time they spent together.
Atwood had never seen Stanford in such a state. He stopped persuading him because he knew it’d be useless.
It may be because of the environment in which Stanford grew up, but he would never show his weakness in front of others. Usually, he’d use his cold front to conceal his true feelings and emotions that were buried deep within his heart.
However, Stanford had told Atwood so much, and it was at this moment that Atwood realised Stanford had changed.
Ever since he knew that Amanda was still alive, he changed.
Little by little, he started to show his feelings to outsiders. It was something he had never done before. He had never shared his feelings with Atwood, who had been by his side for a long time as well.
However, he showed such a side to Atwood this time.
“I need to tell you something.”
#####Chapter 954 Unusual
Initially, Atwood wanted to keep Lindsay’s escape from Stanford for the time being, but Stanford would only think about Amanda’s matters if Atwood did not tell him about it now. However, he probably wouldn’t look for Amanda right away since his leg hasn’t healed yet.
If Stanford knew about Lindsay, he might not be in a hurry to look for Amanda anymore.
Seeing that Lindsay must die immediately, Atwood was curious about the reason behind it.
However, he did not dare to ask at such a time.
Stanford regained his composure and asked, “What is it?’
“Uh… Lindsay escaped from prison,” Atwood replied.
“What?” Stanford squinted and asked, “Who did it?”
It was impossible for Lindsay to escape on her own.
There must be someone who helped her. Hence, Stanford did not ask “What happened?”, but “Who did it?” instead.
“Blithe’s man. I’m not sure of the details yet, so I’ll go over tomorrow.”
Stanford frowned, “I’ll go with you.”
Atwood widen his eyes when he heard the words. Stanford just finished his surgery, and he shouldn’t leave the bed yet.
“Get a wheelchair before we leave the hospital.”
Atwood nodded after a moment of silence.
On the other hand, Amanda did not check in to any hotels.
When she found out that Nina wasn’t Joan’s illegitimate child, but an adopted child, Amanda changed her perspective on Joan. At the same time, she felt sorry for Nina too.
It was fortunate that the little girl was adopted by a kind family, otherwise, she’d have difficulty surviving in this society. 
This morning, Joan said he wanted to bring Nina out to play, but he couldn’t take her out as something urgent came up.
He couldn’t send Amanda to a hotel too, so she had to stay here for another day.
She took the opportunity to comfort Nina on behalf of Joan.
Joan went back on his words again. 
Why did she use the word ‘again’?
Because it wasn’t Joan’s first time to break his promise.
Nina hugged Okeydokey in her arms and nestled in the huge European-style sofa. She looked even tinier this way.
She bowed her head, looking aggrieved and sad.
Amanda limped and sat down on the sofa. She looked at Nina for a moment, but the little girl made no sound, nor raised her head to look at Amanda.
Amanda stretched out her hand and tugged at the lace on Nina’s collar lightly, “Nina.”
“You don’t need to comfort me, I’m okay. I know that daddy is busy. I understand that.” Nina raised her head. She had a pair of pretty eyes. They were big and round, blinking from time to time. Her eyelashes were long too. However, her eyes were a little teary.
She said that she didn’t mind, but her eyes were showing her disappointment through her tears.
Amanda was touched for a moment and hugged the little girl in her embrace.
“When my leg healed, I’ll bring you out to play, okay?” She comforted Nina gently, “Since we can’t go to the amusement part today, what about I teach you how to draw?”
Nina blinked, still in low spirits as she said, “What’s fun about drawing?”
“Do you like your daddy?” Amanda asked. 
Nina nodded her head vigorously and answered with certainty, “Of course.”
“Don’t you think your daddy would be happy if you drew him something?”
Nina thought for a moment, then she asked, “Would he be happy?”
“Of course!” Amanda told her. 
Nina hesitated for a while, before finally agreeing to it, “Okay then.”
Amanda gave the maid some money and told her to buy a set of paint and brushes.
Sketching is definitely not a good idea to arouse a little girl’s interest. Therefore, Amanda decided to go with colours. It’d definitely make Nina want to try painting out.
Since her leg was injured now, she couldn’t play around with Nina. Hence, she could only choose a quieter way to arouse Nina’s interest and help her forget her unhappiness.
Soon, the maid came back with the materials. They decided to paint by the river. The maid even prepared some food for them.
“Why did you learn how to draw?” Nina asked Amanda.
While helping the maid set up the drawing board, Amanda replied, “I didn’t have any hobbies when I was younger, but I had an aunt who drew and painted with me to pass the time. My interest came naturally from there.”
“Is it like what we’re doing now?” Nina smiled a little.
Amanda paused for a moment before answering, “Exactly.”
Frangipanis that grew by the river was in full bloom. The petals were half-white and half-yellow, just like a boiled egg that was cut in half.
“I want to draw that.” Nina pointed.
Amanda patted her head affectionately, “Okay.”
It was pretty easy to coax a little girl. Amanda played with her for a whole day and put her to sleep at night after dinner. Joan still hadn’t returned yet.
Amanda was reading her a bedtime story.
Nina looked up and stared at Amanda, who was reading a fairy tale for her. Her eyelashes flapped slightly, “It’s a nice story.”
‘It’d be great if she was my mother.’
Amanda didn’t sleep well for the past few days, but she managed to sleep after Nina fell asleep somehow today.
When Joan came back, it was already late at night.
He asked the maid about everything that happened at home today.
Sally told him that Amanda and Nina had gone to the river to paint today. Then, she pointed at Nina’s artwork, “Nina drew this. She had fun today.”
Joan walked over, picked up the paper and took a closer look. It looked great.
“The lady took care of Nina nicely. Nina was obedient today too. She went to bed after I bathed her.”
If it was any other day, Nina would’ve waited till her father return home before she would sleep.
It seemed unusual, as she was a little too obedient today.
“I’ll go and take a look.”
He walked towards Nina’s room.
#####Chapter 955 You Have Questions For Me?
He pushed the door open, but there was no one in there.
The bed was empty.
Joan wasn’t surprised, as if he expected Nina to not be in here. He turned and walked towards Amanda’s room, but when he arrived at the door, he realized that it was already too late. He put his hand down and did not disturb their sleep.
“You’re back?”
When Joan turned around, the door opened. Amanda was standing there.
She was a light sleep in foreign places, so she woke up when she heard noises outside the door.
“Did I wake you up?” Joan turned, “You can’t rest well here?”
Amanda looked down, using her silence to admit to his questions.
Even if she was fatigued, she couldn’t sleep well in an unfamiliar place.
“Is your leg better now?” As he said, his gaze averted to her ankle.
Amanda subconsciously moved her leg behind, “Yeah, it’s not swollen anymore. It doesn’t hurt too.”
“Thanks for taking care of Nina for me.”
“Didn’t you take me in too?” Amanda smiled, “Have you eaten?”
He said no.
Sally had already prepared the food and came over, “Sir, dinner is served.”
“Join me for dinner?” He invited, “It’s time for supper anyway.”
Amanda smiled and said, “There’s a tradition back in my country. We should sleep when the time is up and not disturb other people’s rest. And now, it’s time for bed, so I’m afraid I can’t join you.”
Joan had a faint smile on his face. He couldn’t retort to her rejection.
“Good night and sleep early. I’ll take care of Nina.”
“Good night,” Joan whispered.
Amanda closed the door, while Joan went to the dining hall.
Nina was sleeping soundly on the bed. She had no idea that Amanda woke up in the middle of the night at all.
Amanda stood by the bed, curious as to why Joan, an unmarried man would adopt her instead of sending her to the orphanage. If he was married, had a wife and children, then this wouldn’t have seemed so strange. But it was unusual for an unmarried man to adopt a child.
With curiosity in her heart, Amanda headed to the dining hall.
She poured herself a glass of water and sat down.
Joan looked up at her.
She smiled, “I won’t talk.”
Joan continued to eat. Once he was done, he picked up a napkin and wiped the corners of his mouth. He asked her, “You have questions for me?”
Amanda thought that this man was intelligent. He could always guess her thoughts.
“Yeah.” She pursed her lips before continuing, “You’re not married, but why did you adopt Nina? Most men wouldn’t do that, right?”
“No special reason. I just wanted to raise her.” Joan replied simply. The first time he saw Nina, her body was covered in dirt. She was brought here by traffickers. Together with another few children, they were nestling at the corner of a roughly furnished room.
When they were rescued, he noticed that the other children looked like Thai people, but she was different. Plus, she was calm and even thanked those who rescued them.
After all the children were brought home, she was left behind. They asked her about her parents, but she said her parents passed away and she was an orphan.
The police officers were going to send her to the orphanage.
“Didn’t your family object this?” Amanda asked again.
She had been here for two days but had never once seen his family.
Joan took a sip of water. Then, he put the glass down slowly and said, “They’re not around anymore.”
He was calm. One could not tell what he was feeling, “My mother passed away from sickness.”
Not long after his mother passed on, his father left him too and followed his mother to the after-world. His parents had always been in love with each other.
Since Joan could remember, he had never seen his parents argue.
He grew up in a warm and loving family. If there were any shortcomings, it had to be that his parents only had one child and that they passed away too early.
They left him alone to guard this huge house.
Nina added a touch of colour to his simple life.
Joan looked serious in his army uniform, but he was a warm person in life.
This had a lot to do with the environment he grew up in.
“I’m sorry to hear that, I…”
“Don’t worry about it.” Joan didn’t mind. It had been a long time, so he could face it calmly now. He would only be reminded of it from time to time.
“Uh, I’ll go to bed now.” Amanda looked at the time and said.
Joan said, “Yeah, good night.”
Amanda nodded and walked towards her room.
“Ms. Nelson,” Joan called her out abruptly.
She looked back, “Yeah?”
“Your clothes.”
‘My clothes?’
Amanda looked at herself, but didn’t see anything wrong with her attire.
“Behind.” Joan reminded her.
She then looked back and realized that her shirt had curled up and revealed her delicate skin. She quickly pulled it down, then dashed back to her room, feeling slightly embarrassed. 
Her leg hasn’t healed completely yet. While she was walking quickly, a wave of pain suddenly shot up her ankle. She sucked in a deep breath and was about to reach out to a table not far away to support her body. At this time, Joan’s arm stretched over and caught her wrist.
Amanda caught her balance.
“Are you okay?” He asked.
Amanda shook her head, “It’s nothing.”
Once she got up, she quickly pulled her hand out of his grasp and said, “Thanks.”
Then, she walked carefully back to her room.
Joan remained standing in his spot and watched her back.
#####Chapter 956 I Like Man
He had seen Amanda when she went to visit Matthew and Dolores in the past.
He was impressed the most by her smile, and her crystal clear eyes were like stars. He could tell through her eyes that she was a person living in happiness.
When he met Nina for the first time, he was reminded of Amanda by looking at Nina's clear eyes.
However, when he saw Amanda again, her eyes were less clear, and her smile did not give the feeling of happiness.
He wanted to ask her what did happen to her at first, but then he felt presumptuous of asking her.
After a shower, he laid in bed for a long time and did not fall asleep.
In the early morning, a loud noise broke the silence of the house.
Amanda and Nina got up early, and Nina had a high interest. She did not eat breakfast and pestered Amanda to draw.
When they took things and were ready to go out, a woman arrived at the house.
The woman shouted at Amanda when she saw them, “Who are you? Why are you in Joan's house?”
She looked Amanda over, up and down, when she spoke.
“She's my mom,” Nina replied.
Amanda was speechless.
She widened her eyes and stared at Nina.
Nina tugged Amanda's sleeve, and Amanda understood what she meant and bent over closer to Nina.
Nina whispered something in Amanda's ears, “This woman always likes to pester my dad, but he doesn't like her, and I don't like her either, so just pretend as my mother to piss her off.”
Amanda was speechless.
She doubted so much, ‘Is she really a five-year-old child?’
She wondered what Nina was thinking in her mind.
“You're a kid, and you should do what a kid should do. It's your father's business, and he should settle it himself. You can't get involved in it,” after saying that, Amanda explained to the woman in the local language, “You took this wrong. I'm just staying here for a night, and I'll leave tomorrow.”
Amanda's foot had almost healed, and she was ready to go back tomorrow.
Payne had learned the local language of Amanda’s country and understood what she said, so she looked a little better, “Oh.”
She would learn the local language because Joan could say the local language.
Amanda smiled politely and led Nina to go outside.
Nina was not happy, pouted, and whispered, “She is so annoying. Daddy doesn't like her, but she still always comes to pester him.”
Amanda walked to the riverside and glanced at Nina faintly, “You're so young. Why do you care his matter so much?”
“I don't want daddy to be disturbed,” Nina said with a grievance.
Amanda arranged the drawing board, “Children should think less.”
Nina raised her head and looked at her, “Why don't you care about my dad? He's the one who took you in.”
Amanda was speechless.
“I pay my respects to him and thank him for taking me in, but that's it. After all, I don't know him well either, and I definitely can't get involved in his life,” Amanda knew who she was, and she knew that she should keep her distance from Joan.
Nina sat unhappily on the grass, “You're so hard-hearted.”
Amanda was speechless.
She prepared the paint well and picked up the brush without looking at Nina as if she was talking to herself, “I wish to be the person like this.”
She wished to be a hard-hearted person.
In this way, she would not get hurt again and also would not think of him occasionally.
Joan was in traditional Thai casual clothes in the house. Even though he wore a white cotton blouse and a slack, the clothes could not cover his firm body. He frowned when he saw Payne.
“Joan,” Payne walked over to him and addressed a word in his name in an intimate tone, “I'm coming to have breakfast with you.”
She also issued an order to Sally, “Prepare a bit more food.”
She did not treat herself as an outsider.
In Thailand, Joan was a wealthy bachelor.
The number of women who adored him could fill two trucks. However, the ordinary person did not dare to hope to marry him, and they also could not easily approach him because of his high status.
Payne was different from those people. She was the descendant of the nobility who had the status.
Joan and Payne were well-matched in social and economic status.
However, Joan did not like her.
It was not just that he did not like her. In the past twenty-nine years, nobody had heard of he had been intimating or in love with any woman.
Many people secretly rumoured that he had a problem with his sexual orientation.
Even when he adopted Nina, some people had suspected his motive of adoption.
Of course, they said all these words behind his back.
Payne relied on her status that was equal to Joan's and always liked to pester Joan.
"By the way, who was the foreign woman? Why did you take her in?" Payne guarded against Amanda within herself. Amanda was beautiful, and she did not seem to come from an ordinary family based on her manner of speech and behaviour.
In such a magnificent mansion, she seemed to be relaxed and not restrained at all.
Payne had seen so many of those who had never seen the world. When those women saw something particularly gorgeous, they became minced up, and their eyes glowed.
“I'm not familiar with her. She's the child of the family that is living in the building in front of me. I know her parents, and she hurt her foot, so I took her in,” Joan explained to her clearly.
He knew Payne had a feeling for himself, and he was afraid she would bother Amanda.
Payne smiled after she heard Joan's words, “Oh, I see.”
“Payne, I have things to busy with today. You should return home after breakfast,” Joan turned around and walked towards the room, and obviously, he did not want to talk to her anymore.
Payne rushed over to grab him by his arms and pouted, “I don't want to go home. Where are you going? I'll go with you.”
Joan turned his head to look at her, “You're not young. If there is time, you should find a man for dating instead of pestering me.”
“I want to date you.”
“But I don't like you,” Joan said bluntly, and he had said it more than once to her, “You're wasting your time.”
Payne grabbed his arm firmly, widened her eyes, and stared at him, “What kind of woman do you like?”
Payne thought she looked good.
Joan looked at her, and Payne looked okay with slightly dark skin, but it was not a shortcoming. Most of the people had the same skin tone in the country.
However, like and dislike a person had nothing to do with appearance.
Joan had no feeling for Payne.
#####Chapter 957 I Also Got Tricked By Her
“Don't tell me you like men,” Payne stared at him, “I really can't figure out why you don't like me. I'm not ugly, and we're well-matched in social and economic status. Besides that, both of our parents are good friends. We're a match. I don't understand why you always reject me.”
Joan sighed helplessly. There was no reason for liking and disliking a person.
If Joan loved a person, he would not care about her identity, even though she was a civilian.
“It could be.”
Payne widened her eyes and made a backward step instantly, “W-what could it be?”
Joan looked at her appalled expression and replied, “I could be liking a man.”
Payne was speechless.
Joan's words were like a thunderbolt out of a clear sky to Payne.
“The spreading rumour is true? That's why you haven't been looking for a woman?” Payne swallowed hard.
Joan did not want her to wait for him and delayed her marriage. He also wanted to have peace and quietness, so he nodded, “Yes.”
Payne widened her eyes and stared at him for a few seconds without saying anything as if she was shocked by his answer.
She was reluctant to accept this answer.
When Joan said he liked man, her first reaction was to believe him because he had a clean life that she had never seen a woman around him. However, Payne liked him. 
“It's okay. Even if you're gay, I'll still want to make you straight,” Payne walked over to grab his arm again, “I like you, no matter what your sexual orientation, I like you.”
Joan was speechless.
“Payne...”
“I don't want to listen, I don't want to listen,” she covered her ears with her hands and continuously shook her head. She knew Joan would say something to reject her again, so she was not going to listen, “I like you, and I've liked you for so many years, and I'm not going to like anyone else anymore.”
Joan was speechless.
He pressed his eyebrow with his fingers, and he could do nothing with her.
“Sir, the breakfast is ready,” Sally walked over to them at this time.
“Alright, go get Nina and Ms. Nelson,” after saying that, he sighed and waited for Sally to walk away before looking at Payne, “Be my guest. All I can promise you is that I don't like you, and I won't like you in the future as well.”
After saying that, he turned around and walked out of the house.
Payne was stunned and stood on the same spot.
She did not return to her senses for a long time.
She suffered both physical and mental.
Amanda taught Nina to draw wild geese at the riverside.
Nina had drawn a lot of flora yesterday, and she drew animals today.
Nina said she liked animals that would fly.
Amanda then taught her to draw wild geese.
“This bird is not pretty at all,” Nina complained. She had seen the colourful parrots, so she thought the black, white, and grey wild goose was ugly.
Amanda smiled and pinched her nose, “Nina, do you like the beauty coming from within or the beautiful appearance?”
Nina blinked her eyes.
Amanda explained to her, “The wild goose seems ugly, but it's the most loyal bird. Wild geese never live alone. There's rarely an odd number of wild geese in a flock. If a wild goose dies, its partner will commit suicide or be depressed to death.”
Nina looked at her and then looked at the drawing on the paper and said, “Then I like it.”
Amanda smiled and thought Nina was an adorable kid.
Nina smiled along with her.
Joan stood not far from them and watched them.
“Daddy.”
Nina saw him, put down her paintbrush, and ran over to Joan, “Daddy.”
Joan reached out and touched her head, “Go and wash your hands. It's time to breakfast.”
Nina pouted, “But I don't like Payne.”
Joan crouched down to look at her, “Is she unkind to you? Why don't you like her?”
“She likes to pester you. You don't like her, but she still always come to our house,” Nina said.
“Adults will settle things themselves. All you have to do is do what a kid should do.”
Joan picked her up.
Nina tilted her head and looked at him, “I'm a kid.”
“Children who worry about adult matters are not cute at all,” Joan pinched her cheeks, “Do you get it?”
Nina was a cute and well-behaved child, and she nodded vigorously and said, “I get it.”
Amanda followed behind them and looked at them. She thought that they were somehow like father and daughter.
“Is Payne going to have breakfast with us again?” Nina winked her eyes.
It was not the first time.
Payne would go to their house so often that Nina knew all about her pattern.
Joan said yes softly, walked into the living room, and he found out Payne was gone.
Sally walked over to them and said, “Ms. Payne has left and asked me to tell you that she will come here tomorrow.”
Joan felt relaxed after she had gone. He carried Nina to the bathroom to wash her hands.
“I'll take you out to have fun today,” Joan turned off the faucet and wiped Nina's hands.
Nina had run out of enthusiasm. Joan said to take her out, but he might be disturbed by something else after this.
She did not hold hopes for going out with Joan to have fun anymore.
“Why don't you look enthusiastic?” Joan carried her into the dining room and put her in a chair.
“She's afraid you won't keep your word,” Amanda walked over to them.
Joan felt helpless because he could not help but be busy at work, and he did not mean to stand Nina up. 
In City B, Stanford met with Michael with the help of Blithe.
Stanford was in a wheelchair, and Atwood was standing behind him.
“How did you get her out of here?” Blithe stood in front of Michael. He blocked the light, and the light cast a dark shadow on him.
Michael was sitting on a chair with his hands handcuffed.
“It was the last time you asked me to go to the place to get the information, and it was just happened to meet her when she was in the education class. She purposely seduced me, said she was pregnant and asked me to let her go free. I really did not expect her would escape. I really don't know where she went. All I said is true. Please believe me.”
He knew he was wrong and was scared as well.
He went to get the information that day, and he had also asked Blithe for a favour. He pulled some strings to ask for a position for his relative. However, he was angry within himself after being rejected by Blithe, so he had some revenge in mind at the time. Lindsay was the person Blithe specifically asked to guard, and she was good-looking and crafty. That was why he made such a big mistake.
“That woman has ruined my future, so I'll not cover up for her. Please believe me,” Michael trembled, “I also got tricked by her.”
#####Chapter 958 You Have A Clue
It was not the first time that Blithe had questioned him.
He looked at Stanford.
“It seems like he really doesn't know where Lindsay had gone.”
Michael was so fearful and timid. He would have said so long ago if he knew where Lindsay had gone.
“Don't worry, and I won't let her out of City B,” All public transportation was implementing the real-name system. Blithe would know once Lindsay had a record of purchasing a ticket.
He also sent people to spy on railroad stations, high-speed rail stations, and airports.
Stanford remained silent and thought within about where Lindsay could go.
Lindsay was a stranger from another city, and she had no family in City B. Atwood was the only one who had a good relationship with her.
Without any reliance and help, she could not run out of City B. Even if she could escape, she could only hide in a secret place.
“Mr. Donald, it's your people let go of the prisoner, so you should take responsibility,” Stanford said.
Blithe realized that justice was not on his side and said, “This person will get punished for letting go of a prisoner. It's my responsibility, and I have never wanted to pass the buck.”
“I don't mean to blame Blithe, but I want to ask for a few people from you to help me,” Stanford just said that on purpose because he wanted to ask for people from Blithe.
Blithe looked at him, “You have a clue?”
“I'm just guessing where she might be, but I don't have that many people to help me.”
Blithe thought for a moment, “I'll assign three people at most to help you.”
The prisoner had escaped with the help of his people, so he had to take responsibility. It was his duty to look for the prisoner. It would be helpful to Wu if Stanford could find the prisoner. However, there were not many people he could assign. Besides that, he had assigned people to look for the prisoner and guard the traffic stations, so the number of people he could transfer was lesser.
Stanford nodded, “Thank you, Mr. Donald.”
Stanford also had trained a few skilled bodyguards. There were about ten persons with the people assigned by Blithe, and it was enough for him to look for Lindsay.
“Don't say that I didn't warn you. You can't torture Lindsay by private punishment if you found her, and you must send her back to me,” Officer Miller was a disciplined person, and he would do according to the law if someone broke the law. He did not allow Stanford to torture Lindsay because Stanford had no right to do it. It was a crime if he had tortured her privately.
Stanford said, “Of course.”
He did not dare to guarantee Lindsay would die or be alive before sending her back to Blithe. If she did not cooperate and accidentally injured to death in the process of looking for her, it was not his business.
Both of them were satisfied with the conversation. Stanford left first and planned some things to look for Lindsay. Blithe put Michael in the room. It was impossible to get Lindsay's news from Michael.
Lindsay hid in the most marginal area of the city after escaping from the hospital. The place was full of foreign residents.
There were many people and chaos.
It was not easy to escape from the hospital this time. Lindsay had completed her plan step by step. She seduced Michael to have sex with him, pretended to be pregnant, enchanted him to apply for consent for her to execute a sentence outside of jail because of illness.
She would not have escaped so quickly at first since she had not planned a route yet. However, she had to go to a sudden bodycheck. She was not pregnant at all, and she would give herself away after the bodychecking, so she had to escape from the hospital. She got a hundred and twenty dollars in the hospital these few days. Although it was not much, she could find a place to stay with this money.
She could not stay in a hotel without an ID card, and even if she had the ID card, she did not dare to stay in a hotel. So she stayed in a built-up rented room.
The room was spartan, and she could keep herself from the rain and wind in the room at least. There was a bed built up of wooden boards in the room with a quilt on the top of it. Lindsay could barely see the original colour of the quilt.
“The last tenant was a bachelor,” the landlord held the key in her hand and shook it casually, “There's nothing in the room. You need to buy yourself whatever you want.”
“How much is the rent?” Lindsay was concerned about the money. She did not have much money, so she had to spend it in a planned way.
“The monthly rental is twenty-four dollars,” the landlord was a middle-aged, plump woman. She had curly hair, wore a heavy gold chain around her neck, and had gold jewellery in her ears, wrists, and fingers. She dressed like an upstart.
“The room is old and shabby. Make the rental a little cheaper,” Lindsay tried to bargain. The rental of twenty-four dollars was too expensive for such a shabby and small room that she could only have a bed and a chair in the room.
“Twenty dollars. It can't be any less,” the landlord said with some impatience.
Lindsay took the only one hundred and twenty dollars she had, and she gnashed her teeth and paid twenty dollars to the landlord, “I rented it. Here you go.”
The landlord took the money, “You can clean up after yourself.”
Lindsay clutched the remaining hundred dollars in her hand and looked at the room with the unpleasant smell. She overcame the psychological disgust to walk into the room.
She shook the quilt to see if it still could be used. The last tenant must have been a poor hygiene person, and the quilt had an unpleasant smell.
She definitely could not fall asleep in this room.
She threw the quilt out. There was no window in the room, so she opened the door to let in some fresh air, and she went out to buy food. Since there was nothing in the room, she was not afraid of someone stealing.
The concrete road had an uneven surface. The road was wet and dirty, and it had potholes.
There was a restaurant that was selling stir-fry food such as stir-fried noodles and such on the corner. Lindsay walked over to the restaurant and bought a pack of stir-fried noodles.
When she was ready to go back to the room, she met the landlord who had just leased the room to her.
The landlord was not alone there, and two women about her age followed her. However, the two women were much slimmer than the landlord. They were in a black pantyhose skirt and a low-cut shirt, and they wore powder on their faces and rouged lips.
Lindsay walked to the side and did not take the initiative to greet the landlord. She lowered her head, and her messy hair covered most of her face.
#####Chapter 959 It’s Not Your Territory
The three women passed her by, and she could even smell the cheap perfume reeking from the two women.
Soon they walked into a store with a sign for hair washing, massage, and barbering, with pink lights on inside.
Through the glass door with small advertisements, she saw one of the women held a middle-aged man's arm and walked into the store. The other woman stood in the doorway, leaned against the door, and greeted people passing by, “Do you want a haircut? I'm good at it, and I'll make sure you're satisfied with my skill.”
The person ignored her, and she continued to speak to the other person.
Soon Lindsay understood their job. She must have despised them in the past. However, Lindsay hid from police officers and Stanford and lived worse than the two women. She raised the corners of her lips and laughed at herself. She continued to walk towards the rented room.
She did not have much money and would finish spending the money if she still idled this way. She wanted to find a job but did not dare to show her face in public. After all, the network was well-developed, and the police officers had announced her looks. People would certainly recognize her face if she went to a crowded place.
She did not dare to go out of the room.
She could not stay in the small room anymore after staying idly in the room for two days. Her money was getting less and less. How could she survive if there was no money?
So she took a risk to go out of the room and tried to find a job.
Most of the people, who lived in this area, were working in the factory. However, Lindsay did not dare to work there because there were many people in the factory. There was a small supermarket recruiting people with so many people coming and going. So she also did not dare to work there.
“Why? Are you looking for a job?” the landlord was eating away the sunflower seeds while looking at Lindsay.
Lindsay instantly turned her head around, saw the landlord, and said, “I'm not.”
“Why are you keep staring at the job vacancy board if you're not looking for a job,” the landlord laughed, “You look young and pretty. Do you want me to introduce a job to you? I can assure you that you can earn more than you work in the supermarket.”
Lindsay immediately recalled the two women, “I don't want.”
After saying that, she turned around and left. Even though she was in a desperate situation, she would not be so cheap to be a prostitute. She would rather die instead of pleasing those dirty men.
The landlord grunted, “Look at yourself, and who do you think you are?”
Lindsay abruptly clenched her hands, and her face turned pale.
Why would she become like this?
Why did she become like this? Everything had happened after Simona went to City B. Lindsay could have married Stanford and lived as a trophy wife envied by people. It was Simona who changed her life.
The more she thought about it, the more she hated Simona.
Even if Lindsay wanted to die, she must drag Simona into death with her.
It was Simona who caused her to lead such a miserable life.
Once people had an idea of revenge heavily, they would be crazy and reckless. Lindsay wanted to kill Simona!
Since Lindsay had changed her mind, she did not want to go back to the room that tormented her with the unpleasant smells in it.
She would rather die directly instead of living like this way.
Stanford seemed to have a little understanding of Lindsay, and he knew what kind of place she would choose to hide. He locked and investigated a few crowded and remote areas, and he finally locked two of the areas where Lindsay was staying in one of the areas. The second area was also a relatively dense foreign population area.
Stanford's men split into two groups and investigated secretly in the two places, respectively.
It was a coincidence that the people who went to investigate the place just arrived, and Lindsay had left and returned to the city to wait for an opportunity to kill Simona.
After a few days, the secret investigators found a clue about Lindsay. However, Lindsay was not in the rented room when they arrived.
Atwood got the news and told Stanford, “In the west of the city, we found her trail, but she is no longer there.”
Stanford could be sure that she did not leave the place since the people had found her trail.
“Continue to look for her,” Stanford said indifferently, “No matter she is dead or alive, must put her to find out.”
Atwood said, “Yes, sir.”
“And,” Atwood hesitated and said, “George is outside the room, and he said he wants to talk to you.”
“I don't want to see him,” Stanford refused.
He did not want to see George and his family.
Atwood said, “I'll convey your words to him.”
He left the office after saying that.
George had anticipated that Stanford would not meet himself.
“It's okay if he doesn't want to see me. I can wait for him,” he sat on the couch in the lobby, with the attitude that he would stay there until he saw Stanford.
Atwood frowned, “Your parents have just come to make trouble, and then you came here again. Mr. James had injured, and you guys did not concern about his injury and came here to make trouble for him. You guys are going too far.”
George raised his head, “I'm not here to make trouble, and I just want to see Stanford.”
He gave a sound of the laugh, “Does he need our concern?”
Atwood became chilled with his expression, “Do you think Mr. James is a ruthless person? Haven't you ever thought about why he's ruthless?”
If Stanford grew up in a warm and harmonious family, how would he be so paranoid?
How would he be so paranoid to the extent that he lost the woman he loved?
Atwood had seen all the pain Stanford had suffered.
Stanford did not know how to love a person because he had an unfortunate childhood.
George pursed his lips and admitted that Stanford had a displeasure life at home since he was a child. George knew that he had made a lot of troubles to Stanford in open and in secret.
“Those are already in the past.”
George said in a low voice.
Atwood gave a sound of the laugh, “In the past? You're good at minimizing your faults. Would you forget easily the things that  engraved on the memory?”
George said again in a low voice, “I didn't cause those.”
“It was your parents who caused it, and it was your mother, to be exact. If she hadn't picked up with a married man, would Mr. James's parents have divorced? There would be nothing happened if they didn't divorce.”
“They divorced because they didn't love each other anymore...”
“So a man has true love with a mistress is an excuse for divorce his lawful wife? I've heard so many excuses like this. I have no time to talk nonsense with you. Leave now immediately, or I'll call the security guards,” Atwood said with extreme impatience.
He hated to see the people of James'. They had not given care to Stanford, and they still wanted his money.
They were shameless!
George kept his temper and felt aggrieved, “Do you think I get the chance to choose my own parents? If I could, I would definitely want to be born by an official legal wife. Unfortunately, that’s not an option! I'm not coming today to quarrel or to argue with you. I'm coming to apologize to him sincerely for the last disturbance at the entrance. My mother knew that she was wrong. I came to see him this time to invite him to go back home.”
Regardless of what Alyssa had done, George liked to idle around and did no decent work, but he had always treated Stanford as his elder brother.
He did not go too far overdo somethings to Stanford. He was mad last time because he wanted to force Stanford to forgive his parents and be kind to his parents. He did not mean to aim at him.
“Mr. James is busy with work. You may leave here now, or I'll call security guards,” Atwood did not want to be got entangled with him.
George glared at Atwood, “Don't you understand? I'm here to make it up with Stanford, not to pick a fight...”
“Security!” Atwood shouted.
George got angry, “I don't need you to send me out. I'll go by myself!”
He walked outside after saying that.
It was the afternoon after work.
Atwood wheeled Stanford into the elevator, “Actually, you don't need to come to the company. I can deal with the company's affairs myself. For those I can't handle, I'll take the documents to your house and show you. You're still carrying an injury.”
“I hurt my leg, not my hands or brain,” in fact, he did not want to stay home alone.
He would think of her whenever he was alone and quiet.
When he thought of her, he felt heartache.
Atwood sighed within himself.
The elevator stopped, and Atwood wheeled Stanford to go out of the elevator.
When they were about to get into the car, George was there again. He stood in front of Stanford.
Atwood said sternly, “Why haven't you left?”
“I'm not in your territory, so it's none of your business.” he was not in the company building, so the security guard had no right to drive him off.
He looked at Stanford.
“As long as you go back with me today to visit mom and dad, I promise you that I'll never bother you again in the future. What do you think of it?” George tried his best to convince him, “Isn't it good for us to sit down and talk about it so that my parents and I don't have to bother you again?”
#####Chapter 960 An Opportunity for Penance
Atwood stared at George, “Why are you so insistent? Why do I feel that you're trying to scheme against Stanford?”
“You don't arbitrate the righteous one by your petty-minded!” George's anger immediately exploded, and he seriously suspected that Stanford so badly disliked them, all because of Atwood.
What Atwood had said was all aimed at George and his parents.
George wanted to make it up with Stanford, but Atwood treated it as a scheme.
“I'm not as deep as you are,” George snorted.
Atwood shouted at the security guard.
George grabbed Atwood by his wrist, “Are you alright? Why are you always calling security?”
“Please get away from here!” Atwood looked at him coldly and did not move, “You better let go of me, or I'll sue you for intentional assault.”
George was speechless.
Stanford said in a deep voice, “Enough,” he raised his head to look at George, “Go home and tell your parents that I have nothing to say with them.”
“No,” George let go of Atwood, crouched in front of Stanford, and said, “My mother knew that she was wrong. I knew that she did not treat you well at all in the past. But everyone will do something wrong. Can't people be forgiven for being wrong?”
His words inexplicably touched Stanford's heart. Are people who made mistakes not deserving to be forgiven?
He thought of the mistakes he had made.
Would Amanda be like him, refuse to forgive, or even refuse to give him a chance to do penance?
“Give us a chance to be good as a family, can't we?” George saw that Stanford began to waver, and he continued to say.
“As long as you go home with me today, I promise, I'll never appear in front of you again in the future if you don't like it,” George said sincerely.
Stanford looked at him for two seconds and said, “Alright.”
Atwood looked at Stanford incredulously, “Mr. James...”
Stanford raised his hand, “Atwood, stop saying anything. You can go home first.”
Stanford wanted to give himself a chance.
George smiled happily, “Thank you. I'll help you to get into the car.”
Atwood helped to set up a pedal between the ground and the car so that George could wheel the wheelchair into the car.
“Mr. James, feel free to contact me if anything happens.”
Stanford nodded.
George closed the car door and growled in a low voice at Atwood, “Don't think you're the only kind person in the world. Although Stanford and I are not born of the same mother, we have the same father. How would I harm him?”
Atwood ignored him, turned around, and left.
George got into the car.
He fastened his seatbelt, started the car, and said, “My mother knew she was wrong. I came here today because she begged me to come to you, and she wants to make it up with you and apologize to you for what happened in the past.”
Stanford did not show any expression. He was no longer taking the previous affairs to heart. Stanford did not want to have any contact with them. It might be because he had no good memories when they spent time together in the past.
All his memories were unfortunate.
George assured him with conviction, “Please believe me this time. We sincerely want to make it up with you.”
George was reluctant to go to Stanford at first, but Alyssa begged him and said she sincerely wanted to apologize to Stanford. She wanted George to take Stanford home.
“My mom went out to get groceries in the morning and said she wanted to cook for you herself,” George did not care whether Stanford was willing to listen or not, and he continued his words.
Stanford did not respond to him, nor did he believe Alyssa would change her character to be kind.
Alyssa did not get any benefit last time at the hospital. The reason Alyssa showed him goodwill this time was probably still something that wanted George to work at his company.
Stanford had been living together with Alyssa under the same roof for so many years. He knew better her character and what kind of person she was than her son, George.
Stanford did not need Alyssa's gesture of goodwill and did not need her penance as well.
The main reason he would agree to George to go back to the house was because of himself.
He hurt Amanda and caused her to lose the child. These were all because of himself. He wanted to change himself.
Besides that, Stanford went back to the house was because of George.
Although George was a little jerk, he did not have a wicked idea as Alyssa, and Stanford knew it. Stanford was not willing to have any contact with George just because George was Alyssa's son.
Soon the car came to a halt.
George got out of the car and walked to the rear door to open it, “I'll help you.”
He wheeled Stanford and got out of the car.
“Did the doctor say when your foot injury will be better?”
“After two months,” Stanford said.
“Will there be any sequela from that?” George asked again.
He was really caring about Stanford.
Stanford replied briefly, “No.”
“That's good. You can ask me for help if you have any situation in the future, as long as I can do it,” George said, and then he hastened to add, “I'm not trying to get something from you. I'm just...”
“I know. You don't need to explain,” Stanford interrupted him, “You don't have a proper job, and you're going to keep idle like this?”
“You know I used to like to play around and didn't study properly. It's difficult for me to find a job since I've no diploma,” George wheeled him towards the house, “I still want to be idle and play around for two more years.”
“I'll send you to study abroad if you're willing to go to study,” Stanford said with the tone of an elder brother, “You're not young, and you'll ruin your life if you continue to be idle like this. Go and study.”
Stanford suddenly changed his attitude, and it caused the tears to come into George's eyes instantly. George pretended to be relaxed, “I'm still looking young, haha.”
Stanford did not ask him to answer immediately and said, “You think it over.”
“Alright,” George readily agreed.
They arrived at the door, and George stepped forward, “I'll open the door.”
When he opened the door, Alyssa was preparing the dinner, was aware of movement, and poked her head out of the kitchen to look at the door. When she saw George was wheeling Stanford into the house, she immediately showed a smile and walked over to them, “You've come.”
Stanford was silent.
George knew that Stanford felt awkward within himself and said, “Is the dinner ready? I'm hungry.”
“Are you indeed that hungry, only know to eat? Go and wash your hands. The dinner is ready.”
George wheeled Stanford to the bathroom.
Soon they went out of the bathroom and went to the dining table.
Alyssa placed the last dish, “I don't know if it's to your liking. I remember you liked braised eggplant when you were a kid. I made it for you today.”
She put the dish of braised eggplant in front of Stanford.
Stanford did not show any expression and did not start eating.
Alyssa did not felt awkward and continued to say, “Stanford, I apologize to you for the past and also the hospital matter last time. When you were injured, we didn't care about you and just wanted to benefits from you. These are all my fault.”
After saying that, she winked at Enoch, her husband, and wanted him to speak something.
Enoch thought he did not have the dignity as a father in front of his son, and he was still upset about what happened in the hospital last time. He thought Stanford had disrespected him.
He put a false smile, “I may have spoken too harshly last time.”
Stanford remained silent.
Alyssa hurriedly smoothed things over, “Stanford, just ignore your father.”
Enoch heard her words saying that it was like all his fault, and he immediately widened his eyes and stared at Alyssa.
#####Chapter 961 Not Someone Heartless
Alyssa Delbert squeezed her eyes.
Enoch James shut his mouth immediately.
“It’s not easy for me to make it back here. We should be in a celebratory mood.” George James used the chopsticks to pick up some food, “Dad, this is your favourite braised steak, and mum, this is your favourite fried water bamboo. Bro, this is your favourite braised eggplant.”
“Thanks, son.” Alyssa was full of smiles and it was the kind of smile that came from her heart, all because of her son. She didn’t try to fake a smile like when she was apologizing just now.
“It’s rare for us to gather around like today. Let’s toast to each other.” Alyssa went to fetch a bottle of wine. 
When she was pouring alcohol for Stanford, she said, “I was always wrong in the past. Please don’t be bothered by my silliness.” 
“Mum, Stanford’s injuries on his leg is still not recovered yet. I don’t think he can drink, can he?” George removed his Stanford James’ glass and reaffirmed himself, “I don’t think you should drink.”
Alyssa’s expression seemed to freeze as she barked at her son, “How can you be so impolite now? This is a glassful for your brother.”
“He’s hurt.” George looked at Alyssa and repeated.
Alyssa stared at his son and secretly cursed at him: This moron!
However, she maintained the smile on her face as she said reluctantly, “…Then let’s not make him drink.”
George raised the glass of wine that Alyssa had just filled for him and said, “It’s a waste if no one is drinking this. I’ll be polishing it off.”
As he said that, he wanted to pour the contents into his mouth, but Alyssa suddenly stopped him.
“George!”
George asked with confusion, “What’s wrong?”
“No—nothing.” Alyssa took his glass away and said, “Since your brother’s not drinking, then you shouldn’t drink too.”
George was dumbfounded upon hearing that, “Isn’t it a waste to not drink it since you’ve already poured a glass?”
Alyssa said with a smile, “It’s not decent for you to drink alone. We will call this off.”
Then, she took the wine away.
George continued to stare at Alyssa as he couldn’t figure out what was going on. However, Stanford who remained silent all the time seemed to have caught on to something.
Was it possible that there’s something mixed in with the wine? Or else, she wouldn’t have stopped George from drinking it.
All of a sudden, he felt his heart enveloped in a chilly coldness.
This time that she invited him here, it was probably not out of sincerity, and she wasn’t really planning to apologize and let bygones be bygones, no?
What were they cooking up this time?
He pretended not to sense anything.
George was feeling a little upset as he was still holding on to the thought that the wine was a waste.
“Come, let’s eat.” Alyssa retook her place by the dining table, “It’s been too long since the whole family can eat together.”
George sounded a little emotional too, “You’re right, I can’t even remember the last time we were gathered like this.”
It was too long ago, and it was a forgone day that he had forgotten about.
“Before I came here, I’ve eaten something. You guys enjoy.” After saying that, Stanford rolled his wheelchair and left the dining table. He didn’t dare to touch any of the food on the table.
Enoch frowned, “What is the meaning of this? We have done our part and apologized, and it was not easy to gather everyone like this. Are you really going to rain on our parade?”
“Hey, it’s not a big deal that he said that he doesn’t want to eat. Stanford said that he has eaten dinner just a moment ago.” Alyssa hastily got up and stroked Enoch’s back in an attempt to calm him down. As she consoled her husband, she said to Stanford, “Stanford, please don’t get angry. Your father is just showing some concern towards you. He’s just afraid that you didn’t eat anything, nothing more.”
Stanford looked at Enoch’s visibly infuriated expression and thought that his father was indeed angry. How could this be interpreted as him showing concern?
George could sense that things were going south right at this moment. They were all here to make peace with each other, but why were they starting to get riled up and on guard again?
He stood up too and announced, “I am not hungry anymore.”
“As you wish!” Enoch tossed his chopsticks and rolled himself back into his room.
Alyssa was feeling enraged in her heart, thinking that Enoch was being too impatient and lost his composure too easily.
“Come to my room and idle. I will send you back before long.” George pushed Stanford towards his room.
Stanford didn’t show any sign of resistance.
His room was never neat or tidy, and it was still the same now.
“It’s a little messy.” George smiled sheepishly as he fumbled around and tossed all of his messy clothes into his closet.
After closing the door of his closet, he turned to look at Stanford, “I think dad has been in bed for too long. He is a little twisted now, so don’t mind him.”
Stanford had long known the true colours of his father, and he had long lost hope and faith in him. He knew.
He wouldn’t mind one bit.
“You should start looking for a girlfriend.” Stanford changed the topic.
George suddenly looked uncomfortable, looking like a shy, big guy, “About that, I haven’t met someone suitable yet.”
“Right, what about you, bro?” George sat by the bed and looked at Stanford seriously, “I can see that Simona really loves you. It’s a pity that the two of you couldn’t last until the end.”
Stanford held his handle and tried hard to suppress a turmoil of emotion inside him, “Why do you say so?”
“When she was still around, she used to come looking for me and ask me about your preference. In fact, I didn’t know at all. She probably thought that since we grew up together since our childhood days, I would know.” George’s voice slowly became softer, “Although she was from a good background, she really was easy to get along with. She’s a fine one, so it’s a pity.”
“I am thirsty. Go get me some water.” Stanford diverted him away.
George complied.
He got up to leave the room.
When the door of the room was shut, Stanford initially calm-looking face revealed an agonized look. He clutched his chest as a stabbing pain started to nag at him.
Everyone knew that she loved him.
Only he was blind to that.
He closed his eyes, wanting to hide away all of the pain.
In the living room, Alyssa who had made some tea and was about to send it in bumped into George who just emerged from the room.
George looked at the tea in Alyssa’s hands and asked, “You made some tea?”
“Yes, I was thinking since you guys didn’t eat dinner, I should make some tea for you to drink.” Alyssa handed the tea tray to him and said, “Take it in, and enjoy.”
“Stanford happens to be thirsty now.” George took the tea.
Alyssa smiled, “Is that so? Then faster get it in.”
George said naively, “Mum, you need to try your best to get him to forgive you. He’s not someone heartless, so as long as you’re sincere, I’m sure he will forgive you.”
Alyssa smiled noncommittally and thought that Stanford was someone heartless and it was no use for her to apologize anymore. He wouldn’t forget all the things that she had done to him when he was still a child.
Based on what happened in the hospital last time, it was impossible to gain Stanford’s forgiveness just by lowering her stance.
Therefore…
“I will, you get it in now. The tea is turning cold.” She urged her son on.
George carried the tea tray and returned to his room.
When he went in again, Stanford had returned to his calm demeanour once again.
He placed the tea on the table and poured two cups for them. He walked over and gave one to Stanford.
“Bro, did you really have dinner before coming?” When he came out of the company, wasn’t that happen to be the time he finished work?
Stanford didn’t meet his eyes as he mumbled a vague response.
George took a sip of water and sighed slightly. He wasn’t a complete fool, and he knew that there was still a thorn in their hearts. It was highly unlikely that they would forget about the past and make peace easily, “It’s all my mum’s fault. If I could choose, I really hope that I was born by the first wife.”
The siblings in the family would get along fine, and the family would be happy.
Alas, that was just a delusional dream.
“Maybe that’s what we call fate,” George remarked emotionally.
Stanford drooped his eyes and at this moment, even he could sense the helplessness in George.
“Bro, why aren’t you drinking anything?”
He realized that Stanford had claimed that he was thirsty, yet he didn’t drink a drop of water or tea at all. Instead, he himself had finished the half glass of water that he had poured.
Stanford gulped down the water and thought that he was indeed thirsty. He handed the empty glass back to George, “I should go home now.”
“Right. Let me send you.” George stood up and placed the glass on the table, but when he turned around wanting to push the wheelchair, he suddenly felt dizziness in his head.
#####Chapter 962 I Can Own You Anytime
“What’s going on with me?” George held his forehead as his body began to sway.
Stanford seemed to realize something at this moment and he immediately took a close inspection of the teapot on the table, “Didn’t you make this tea yourself?”
“It’s made by mum. Why…”
Before he could finish his sentence, he fell to the ground without warning.
Stanford turned to look at George who was lying unconsciously on the floor and shouted nervously, “George!”
At this moment, George was completely out cold, without any compass on his surroundings.
The first thought that flashed by in Stanford’s mind was to get out of this place as soon as possible. His leg was obstructing that intention, so he hastily took out his phone to call Atwood. 
The line continued to stay idle without anyone connecting it, and his body began to show some signs of discomfort too. His line of sight was deteriorating.
He tightened his grip.
With a clanking sound, the door of the room suddenly flung open.
Alyssa stood at the door and stared at his son who was lying on the floor. She didn’t look startled at all as she walked over to help him up with a frown on her face. 
“Son, I am doing this for your own good.”
Alyssa knew about George’s temperament, and if he had known what was going to happen, he would have objected against vying for the inheritance right using such means.
She had no choice but to drug him into oblivion for now.
This drug wouldn’t have any side effects too.
At that moment, Stanford’s call finally went through. Atwood’s voice came, “Mr. James…”
Alyssa snapped her head around immediately and before Stanford could say anything, his phone was snatched away by her and the call was ended abruptly.
Stanford felt his consciousness dying, and his gaze went blank. He had completely lost his consciousness.
Alyssa switched off the phone and tossed it into a dustbin. She snorted coldly, “Today, no one can stop me from carrying out my plan.”
She helped his son onto the bed before summoning a woman who was wearing a face mask into the room.
“He can’t be here,” Alyssa said. Atwood knew about this place.
It would spell trouble if he was able to find them here.
“I know another place,” Lindsay said.
The person who Alyssa had called in was none other than Lindsay.
Alyssa had set her sights on taking the family inheritance, so she had tried hard to brainwash Enoch to call Stanford here. However, she was refused every time by Stanford, and she knew that Stanford wouldn’t agree to that any time. Therefore, she had been thinking of ways to let Stanford soften his stance ever since she returned from the hospital.
At that moment, Lindsay approached her.
Lindsay realized that Amanda had left City B when she came back, so it was impossible to get her revenge for now. She couldn’t leave City B, and she couldn’t show herself anywhere in order not to get found out. This was how she ultimately set her sights on Stanford. 
She knew very well that she alone was incapable of executing her plans.
She knew about Stanford’s stepmother and the fact that Alyssa always treated Stanford badly. Alyssa was even aiming to snatch everything away from him.
It was just that Stanford was no longer a child, and he wouldn’t just go along with her.
Lindsay was able to pinpoint this weakness and suggested a good idea to Alyssa after reaching her. She even told Alyssa that she had a way to help her get her hands on the J&Y Group.
As expected, Alyssa got on to the deal fast.
The enemy of one’s enemy could turn into a friend, as the saying goes.
After reaching a consensus, they finalized this plan together. Of course, Enoch was in the know about this too as he was tired of Stanford’s disrespect towards him. He didn’t object or say anything at all when he learnt of their plan.
“My place.” Before this, he had purchased a property. Putting aside those that were confiscated, she still had one place left untouched.
Nobody knew about that place.
“Is it safe?” Alyssa asked.
“Very,” Lindsay answered confidently.
She looked at Stanford who was out cold and a cruel smile appeared at her lips, “Finally, you succumb to me as well.”
“Enough, it’s not the time for us to banter. Let’s get down to work.” Alyssa announced.
Lindsay was very cooperative and she agreed that it was indeed not the time to talk and shoot the breeze. She headed to where the wheelchair was and pushed it, “Let’s go.”
Alyssa glanced at her son before nodding.
…
After an hour, they moved Stanford to a house that was bought by Lindsay previously. The process itself was not hard as Stanford was placed in his usual wheelchair and all Lindsay had to do was to push it.
On the other hand, Alyssa was responsible for looking out.
The whole thing was smooth when they were on their way.
…
Stanford finally woke up, and he saw himself getting tied to a chair. He tried to move his arms, but they didn’t budge at all.
“Long time no see.” Lindsay stood in front of him. She had washed herself and got a new change of clothes. She was watching him at the moment.
Stanford looked up abruptly.
“Don’t look so shocked.” Lindsay sat on a sofa and smiled, “Isn’t this a nice surprise?”
Stanford simply looked at her without saying anything.
Lindsay stroked his face and although she was widely grinning, there was an awfully dangerous air to her, “I am always thinking for your sake, but you want me dead all along. Stanford, you are really heartless.”
“There is never a time that I stop wanting you dead.” Stanford’s expression was one of disgust, “Lindsay, do you really think I ever had feelings for you even once?”
Lindsay clenched her fists and tried hard not to lash out and punch his face. In no time, she transformed her anger into a smile, “Hey, so what if you want me dead? Now your life is in my hands.”
She stood up and sat on Stanford’s lap, “You resent me, and want me dead, but I just so happen to be alive. The more you hate me, the closer I am to you now. You know what? Stanford, I have been loving you for so many years, but at this moment, I feel truly elated, and that is because…”
Lindsay moved her lips to his ears, “I can own you anytime.”
#####Chapter 963 Sign It
“Are you really this shameless?” Stanford’s face was very hideous.
Lindsay immediately burst into laughter, to the point that her stomach began to ache.
“Shameless?” She was taunting him, “I want to not be shameless too, but it is you who makes me shameless.”
She was only able to have this momentary freedom after becoming a sell-out.
“Stanford, how do I become like this?”
She was very agitated, “It’s you, it’s you who make me into who I am today. If you saved me back then, do you think I would turn out like this? I am living like a mouse shunned out of the streets every day, like a ghost who can only hide itself. Do you know how I got through the time when in jail?”
“Do you mean that your life is a living hell? You completely deserve this.” Stanford’s face was utterly cold. He didn’t even try to hide his contempt towards her even though she was beginning to say something crazy.
“If everything starts over again, I wouldn’t save you anyway.”
What was the most chilling and hopeless feeling in the world?
Probably like now, when someone you love wants you dead. 
“Are you that resentful of me?”
Lindsay’s lips were trembling.
“Yes, I hate you that much.” Stanford’s expression returned to its previous calmness as his anger dissipated into thin air. It was not worth it for him to be enraged because of her. She was not worthy of his emotions!
“If I could, I would have strangled you to death in the first place.”
Lindsay’s eyes were bloodshot, “Because of Amanda?”
“You don’t even have the right to mention her,” Stanford replied coldly. 
“Hmph,” Lindsay began to laugh maniacally, “Now that you’re in my hands being a lamb on the slaughter board, you still dare to provoke me. Are you that tired of living?”
Alyssa was hiding in a room at this moment. Although she was guilty too, she didn’t want to expose herself for now. Lindsay would carry out the rest of their plan.
However, it seemed that Lindsay was only focused on her own revenge. She had forgotten about what they had discussed before.
Alyssa came out and interjected, “About the stock transfer, let him sign this.”
Lindsay was fuming and her emotions were boiling. She roared, “You shut the hell up!”
Alyssa was stunned for a moment, and then she retaliated, “You should shut up. If it were not for me, do you think you would have the chance to stand in front of Stanford like this?”
Lindsay was tired of getting oppressed, and after Alyssa roared at her like that, she finally lost control. She came to her and slapped her, “If I didn’t fall off, do you think I would coerce with you? Don’t you want to look at yourself in the mirror? You are nothing but a mistress who has destroyed a family, but you still dare to act high and mighty in front of me.”
Alyssa clutched her cheeks which was stinging now.
Her eyes were widened to the extreme.
“You…”
She found this hard to believe.
“You dare to hit me?” Alyssa wasn’t someone who would lose just like that. She grabbed Lindsay’s hair and screamed, “Don’t you know that how I have suffered?”
The two of them who should be cooperating at this moment began to have a fistfight just because of some mere words.
The two women were grappling at each other’s hair and cursing at each other. For a moment, they forgot about why they were here in the first place.
Stanford stared at them coldly.
After half an hour, the two of them finally stopped due to fatigue. With some wounds on their faces, they asked each other, “Why are we here in the first place?”
Alyssa wiped her face in response.
Lindsay didn’t say anything but she was finally able to cool down after a fight.
Now that things had turned out like this, Alyssa wouldn’t be able to get out of this clean even if she wanted to. She went to fetch the stock transfer document immediately and put it on the table, “Stanford, the properties of the James family doesn’t just belong to you alone. It’s been too long since you have a monopoly over it. Now, sign this, and give the company to George. I will still let you walk out of this alive, or else…”
“He’s mine. You don’t have the right to deal with him!” Lindsay came over.
Alyssa looked up and replied, “Lindsay, do you want me to call the police and ask them to detain you?”
“Are you threatening me?” Lindsay widened her eyes, and her expression was very grotesque.
“No, I just want the rights to the stocks, and you want to deal with the person himself. When I finally get those stocks, you can do anything you want with him.” Alyssa didn’t argue with her this time. She was not young anymore, and she couldn’t well just brawl with her. She was at a disadvantage in the fight just now.
Knowing that she wouldn’t be able to knock Lindsay out, even though she didn’t like the prospect of negotiating with words, she thought it was best not to involve in fistfights again.
When she finally got the rights to the stocks, it was still not too late to call the police.
Now, it was not worth it to argue with someone who had long given up on her life.
“This should cut it.” Lindsay sat down finally.
Alyssa snorted coldly and praised herself secretly for being the more experienced one here. When she got what she wanted, she could still teach Lindsay a lesson later on.
“Sign it.” Alyssa urged impatiently.
Stanford continued to maintain his signature indifferent expression. He was cold, and something dark was brewing on his face too.
He didn’t respond at all to Alyssa’s words.
“Stanford, look carefully at the situation you are in now. I can end your life anytime! 
If you die, your assets will all fall into my hands anyway. You don’t have any relative, and your father, me and your brother all have the rights to it too.” She started to lose her composure. 
Lindsay’s gaze immediately darted in Alyssa’s direction, as if to spell out the unspoken words: His life is not within your control.
Stanford eyed Lindsay wordlessly and knew that they were only cooperating because of mutual benefits. If one of them were to suffer any losses, they would not back down in any way.
He said purposely, “Then just kill me.”
Alyssa shot up from her chair.
Lindsay stood up too, “Don’t you dare move.”
Alyssa insisted, “We are on the same side this time.”
“But we agreed that you are in for the money and I am in for the person himself. Who do you think you are to lay a finger on him?” Lindsay maintained her stance.
Alyssa was boiling with anger deep down, and if she couldn’t resort to threats, how was she going to make Stanford sign the document?
Lindsay rolled her eyes around and a terrible, vicious idea came to her, “Do you think what Stanford fear the most now?”
“What?” Alyssa asked.
Lindsay smiled, “There’s someone so important that his life pales in comparison. She would make him give up anything too.”
“And who is that?”
“Simona.”
“Isn’t she dead?”
“She’s not. She’s actually who people refer to as Amanda nowadays.
Alyssa was utterly shocked by the fact that Simona wasn’t actually dead.
However, how could they use that woman?
“If I were really dead, I would make sure he’s with me.” Lindsay looked at Stanford, “I couldn’t be born on the same bed as me, but I will make sure we will die the same death. As for Amanda, if he continues not to sign the document, by the time he’s dead, you can spend some big cash and hire people to teach that woman a lesson.”
Lindsay was a selfish person. If she couldn’t accomplish something, she would try to entice others to do it for her. It was just that sometimes she wasn’t that persuasive.
Alyssa thought about this suspiciously, and she silently stared at Stanford. 
Stanford was still putting on that calm and emotionless face, but when inspected closely, you would discover that veins were bulging on the back of his hand as if he was suppressing himself very hard.
Lindsay continued, “Amanda was who Stanford cared about the most currently, and she was also his ex-wife too…”
“Lindsay!” Stanford’s face was so darkened that it was frightening as if a clear, sunny day was suddenly replaced with dark clouds. 
Lindsay wasn’t intimidated as she got close to him, “Stanford, I won’t let you go no matter what. I have no chance to get out of City B, which means I will get found out sooner or later. My life will end sooner or later, and you’re going to accompany me on this trip. Faster sign the documents that enable the stocks to be transferred and make her get lost so that we can spend some good times as a couple.”
She deliberately dragged on her last few words to make it sound ambiguous. 
Alyssa felt disgusted when she listened to that, and it was only because Lindsay was contributing to her cause that she didn’t show it on her face.
“Stanford, do you really want to see her doing something bad to Amanda?” Lindsay brought up Amanda once again.
She wanted Alyssa to know where Stanford’s weakness was.
Alyssa caught on fast enough, “Stanford, you better don’t waste any more time. Sign this piece obediently and I won’t make things difficult for you. If you don’t want to do that, I will make sure to bring harm to Amanda once I get the chance.”
She then shoved a pen into Stanford’s palm, “Sign it.”
#####Chapter 964  Push Me and Have a Stroll
Alyssa placed the stock transfer document right below where his hands were so that it was convenient for him to sign.
Stanford didn’t do anything.
Alyssa began to worry, “Do it now. Don’t force my hand.”
“Even if I were to sign this, do you think everything will work out just like that?” Stanford broke his silence and said coldly.
“It will work as long as you sign this. Don’t force me to employ those means from a long time ago on you now.” Alyssa’s tone took on a sudden turn into one dripping with viciousness, which also showed on her face.
She took the glass of water from the table and said to him, “This is just boiled, and you should know how does it feel to let this touch your skin.”
She added nonchalantly, “Do you still remember the time when you got home and I accidentally poured hot soup onto your body?”
She then revealed a smile, “I did that on purpose. There are only three members in this family who I acknowledge. Why should I raise you too?”
The moment she ended her sentence, a huge noise broke out.
Bang!
The door was forced open violently by someone.
Atwood and George rushed in.
Atwood received a call from Stanford earlier on but didn’t hear anything. Immediately he knew that something was off, so he went straight to the James family house, which made him realize that Stanford was not there. He only saw George who was just coming to be. 
The path they took when leaving the residential area was full of security cameras. Through those, they found out which car they had taken and after combining all the clues they found, they were able to reach this place.
“Lindsay!” Atwood roared angrily as he didn’t expect her to show herself again.
Lindsay fumbled around and got herself a fruit knife on the table, and her gaze swept over Alyssa and Stanford as she mulled over whoever was more valuable as a hostage. After a moment of hesitation, she put the knife against Stanford’s neck.
Stanford couldn’t move due to being tied, which made it easy for her to hold him hostage. Furthermore, if she was going to get captured, later on, she would rather die. Naturally, she had to make sure Stanford was together with her all the way.
George’s expression was the most hideous among everyone present. He looked at Alyssa with a heartbroken face, “Mum, tell me that you really want to make peace and forget about the past with your brother. Tell me that you want to apologize to him. When you asked me to invite him to come back home, you’re lying to me, weren’t you?”
Alyssa pulled him to her side and said, “You need to be clear about something. I am your mother. We are family, and this is the perfect opportunity. Fast, ask him to sign this, and the company will be yours.”
George flung her away and cried out, “Why did you have to do this?”
“I am doing this for your own good.” Alyssa was exasperated at her son’s insolence, “Are you stupid?”
“Do you really know what I truly want?” George was so enraged by her that his eyes had turned red.
Alyssa turned a blind eye to it as she continued to pull him, “This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Atwood is all alone. There are three of us, and we will be at an advantage. You go stop Atwood, and I will make sure Stanford sign this.”
“I don’t want to!” George screamed.
“Are you stupid?” Alyssa was so angry that she was trembling, “George, once you miss this chance, there will be no second chance. Do you want to accomplish nothing your whole life?”
“Even if I would amount to nothing in my life, I still won’t snatch away what belongs to my brother’s.” He pushed Alyssa away and pointed at Lindsay, “Let my brother go, or I will kill you!”
Lindsay looked at Alyssa calmly, “Is your son not able to differentiate between friends and foes?”
Alyssa continued to pull on her son, but George didn’t respond to her.
She was very nervous now.
While they were engaging in an argument, Atwood didn’t move at all. Instead, he exchanged a glance with Stanford.
It had been some time since Stanford came to himself, and his stamina was returning to his former level. He was secretly trying to break himself from those ropes.
“Lindsay, if you give yourself in now, the punishment will still be very soft.” He purposely spoke to Lindsay to divert her attention. 
“Soft punishment? Atwood, do you think I am a complete fool?” Lindsay chuckled, “Don’t try to deceive me. I will never believe you, so don’t waste your time.”
Alyssa’s heart was racing on the other hand since the document had not been signed yet. She couldn’t get anything out of this. She came over and said, “Lindsay, make him sign it now!”
“Get lost!”
Lindsay shouted back at her as she came to realize her precarious position now since things had gone out of hand and her deeds were exposed. It was impossible for her to escape this whole episode alive now, and she knew that deep down. The more she understood her situation, the more she hated when someone tried to bother her.
Her life was on the line here, so she didn’t have time to care about other people’s matters.
Alyssa’s face was fuming red, “Don’t you forget how you got here in the first place. Don’t make me call the police now!”
“Call the police? Then do it!” Lindsay wasn’t scared at all.
The moment she decided to carry out her revenge, she had thought about the worst case scenario.
“You, you—“ Alyssa was so angry that she was stammering, “Don’t you forget that you were the one who started this…”
“Are you telling me that you’re not part of it? Don’t you think it’s too late to pull away from all this now?”
Alyssa, “…”
She was rendered speechless.
“Atwood, let me go for once. I promise you that I won’t do anything to harm Stanford.” Lindsay was still making her last stand.
Atwood smiled, “I don’ think you have a say about that.”
Following his remark, Stanford finally broke free from the ropes and while Lindsay was still talking, he locked her wrists in place and at the same time, Atwood rushed towards them. Her arm was pinned by them and the knife was finally taken away.
“Uh—“ Lindsay’s arm was pinned behind her by Atwood, and she was pinned on the ground.
Stanford sliced off all the remaining ropes on his body.
“Let go of me!” Lindsay struggled.
Stanford bent down and propped the knife against Lindsay’s face, and with the slowly increasing force, blood was visible on her cheeks. He said menacingly, “Lindsay, you are knocking on death’s door.”
Lindsay chuckled, “So what? You end up losing Amanda and your kid anyway.”
Stanford widened his eyes, “You know that?”
Atwood was stunned by those words. What kid was she talking about?
“Lindsay, what did you do?” Atwood pressed on her head hard.
Lindsay broke into a fit of laughter as she looked at Stanford, “Before you divorced, I have known about that. She was not well one time and I accompanied her to the hospital. Knowing that she had your child, that’s one of the reasons I must drive her to her death. It was because I was fearful that with the existence of the child, you would soften and get back together with her. Therefore, she must die! Even if I die now, I won’t suffer any losses, that’s because your child is collateral damage—“ 
All of a sudden, a shrilling wail pierced the air.
Stanford had sliced her face. 
Alyssa stared at Lindsay who was bathed in blood, and she stumbled to the ground out of shock.
“Kill me if you can!” Lindsay gritted her teeth.
“Of course I will make sure you will die, but I won’t make the whole thing easy for you!” Stanford put the knife against her other cheek and continued, “You are only good for your face. If I destroyed it now, I am curious to see what else do you have to offer?”
Atwood stole a glance at Stanford carefully.
It turned out that the reason he wanted Lindsay to die was that he had a child.
Amanda used to be pregnant before.
While he was in a daze, Lindsay suddenly bit his arm and when the grip loosened, she scrambled up from the ground and ran towards the window, “I won’t give you a chance to trap me in jail!”
She never wanted to be locked up in jail again, and she didn’t want to live a life out of the public’s sight anymore. She didn’t want to suffer anymore.
She turned to look at Stanford and proclaimed, “Even if I turn into a ghost, I will continue to pester you. I will make sure you will never be at peace!”
After saying her last words, she leapt out of the window and was gone from sight.
Atwood was fast approaching her but it was too late to grab her.
This was the eighteenth floor, and when he looked down, all he saw was a bleeding corpse. There was never any other outcome other than death when one jumped from this height!
Atwood swallowed hard and turned his gaze towards Stanford, “She’s dead. We need to inform the cops.”
Stanford threw away the knife and mumbled a yes. 
“Let me send you back first before dealing with…”
“No need.” Before Atwood could finish his sentence, Stanford cut him off. He looked at George, “Push me back.”
“Geor—“ Alyssa looked at her son and at this moment, she was gripped by fear. George was having an internal struggle but in the end, he said, “You can tell everything to the police.”
After saying that, he went to push Stanford out of this place.
Alyssa was dumbfounded, “George James, I am your mother, you know.”
George didn’t respond as he pushed Stanford out of the unit and to the elevator.
When they reached downstairs, a crowd had gathered.
Stanford didn’t look in the direction of the commotion as his gaze was razor-sharp, focusing only on the space in front of him. Unable to suppress his curiosity, George stole a glance and saw Lindsay’s unrecognizable body.
It was a frightening sight.
“You push me like this. Let’s have a stroll.” Stanford said.
George agreed to that.
The two of them moved along the streets wordlessly.
George mustered his courage a few times before finally being able to say it out, “I want to apologize to you on behalf of my mum. I am not trying to buy some sympathy for her. I just want to let you that I’m sorry.”
#####Chapter 965 You Better Know Your Place
“I won’t pursue this matter this time. You should give her more advice, and as for you, I will still tell you the same thing. Go study hard, and when you graduate you can come to help me in the company.”
In the past, he couldn’t move on because of certain things, and it made him miss so many important things in life. From now on, he never wanted to miss out on important things anymore.
George pressed his lips into a line and his heart was touched by Stanford’s words.
He remained silent because he didn’t know what to reply.
He didn’t know how to repay this forgiveness. 
After some time, he was able to put his emotion in place. He simply said, “Thanks.”
There were so many things hidden in his heart that he wanted to say, but he couldn’t put them into words. A simple word of thanks was all he could manage to express his heartfelt emotion.
Stanford remained silent too, and all the time they were strolling, they were basked in silence. However, many things were going through their minds, and they thought long and hard.
After sending Stanford back, George returned home.
Alyssa was fine. Neither was she brought in to get interrogated nor was she caught for a crime.
However, she must be like sitting on needles from now on. Stanford was going to hate her to the core.
From this moment on, there wouldn’t be any good days ahead of her.
George ordered lunch because he didn’t know how to make food for himself. Soon, the table was filled with all kinds of food.
“Do you still have the mood to eat?” Alyssa was resentful of her son. If she could cherish the opportunity just now, she wouldn’t have returned empty-handed. She had nothing now.
George pretended not to hear her as she pushed Enoch to the dining table.
Alyssa couldn’t hold back anymore, “George, I am talking to you. You never know, I might be captured by the police tomorrow.”
She knew what she had done, and she was very certain that Stanford wouldn’t just let her off the hook without any repercussions.
George suddenly roared, “If the cops have intended to catch you, you would have been in custody by now. You won’t wait until tomorrow.”
Alyssa was dumbfounded, “What do you mean?”
It was not like she didn’t understand what her son was trying to say. It was just hard to digest.
George let out a sigh to calm himself down, “Come here and eat.”
Alyssa came over and sat down, but she didn’t have any appetite. She looked at her son, “George, do you know something that I am unaware of? You must help me this time, it’s for your own good.”
“For my own good?” George chuckled, “You are always saying that you’re doing something for my own good, but in fact, you’re just thinking for yourself, no?”
“Wh—What kind of nonsense are you saying now?” Alyssa was riled up once again.
George glared at her, “Did you ever ask me about what I really want in life?”
Alyssa was at a loss for words, “In this society, you won’t get any respect and importance if you don’t have money and power. All I am doing is to help you get some advantage. Don’t you want to have a lot of money and power?”
George snickered coldly, “You never asked me about that. You have decided everything for me and pretended that that’s what I want, but in fact, are those things what I want? Or are they what you are after?”
Alyssa was speechless again, and only after some time did she open her mouth again, “Then, what do you want?”
“I just want my mother to be someone kind and gentle…”
“What are you saying?” Alyssa slammed the table and shot up from her chair, “If I weren’t always thinking for your sake, do you think that I would be in my position today?”
“For my sake, it’s always for my sake, don’t you dare say again that you’re doing this for my sake! It’s just your excuse!” George also stood up with anger. He was having a standoff with her, “Those things are never what I wanted! You are the one who craves for them, and you’re just using me as an excuse to make you look noble.”
“Mum, did you ever stop to think that you’re in the wrong?” George’s voice gradually became soft.
“Ever since the beginning, you hooked up with someone else’s husband and you managed to be the official wife and treated the son of the first wife badly. You have turned into a so-called wicked stepmother, and do you ever regret anything? Do you ever reflect on your past mistakes when it’s late-night?”
“Stop lecturing me, you don’t have that right. I am your mother after all!” Alyssa tried to avoid her son’s gaze as it was embarrassing to be lectured by her own son.
“Indeed, I am in no position to do that.” George sat down, “Just eat.”
Alyssa felt that her son was acting unusually today. She tried to probe, “George, are you being threatened right at this moment? You can tell me. I will be responsible for what I’ve done.”
George snorted coldly, “How are you planning to do that? How many mistakes have you done in the past? You’ve kidnapped someone this time, and you could be sued for deliberate harming. You could end up in jail. Are you prepared to be in jail for a long time?”
Alyssa turned into a deflated balloon the more she heard her son talk. She couldn’t find any words to deny him anymore. 
George took his chopsticks and began eating.
Alyssa just stared at him and felt like she had given birth to a cold and heartless son.
“Dad, have some food.” George picked up some food for Enoch.
Enoch lost his appetite too as those words of resentment by George just now applied to him in some ways.
George shoved some food into his mouth and mumbled, “Today, when Stanford and I were on the way here, he told me that he wished for me to go study. He didn’t want to see me wasting my life way. With the way you treated him since he was young, not only did he not resent me, he even…”
His voice started to crack.
“Do you ever stop and think about the reason I don’t like coming back home? Instead of coming back here, I would rather mess around out there. All I ever wanted is a warm, caring family. Do you think the way you are treating me now is what you call love?” He laughed sarcastically, “You only love yourself since the beginning.”
“George, mummy does love you.” Alyssa was panicking now.
“Whatever. If you think that’s love, so be it. I will just pretend that I had grown up in a caring and warm family. I have something to tell you now.”
“Say it.” Alyssa had turned into an obedient sheep and she didn’t even dare to raise her voice. George was her only son, and she didn’t want to lose him.
“A few days from now, I am going to study abroad following Stanford’s advice.” George looked at his parents, “He told me that once I come back, I can work in his company.”
Alyssa’s eyes widened, “Is that for real?”
She almost couldn’t believe what she was hearing.
“It’s true,” George replied confidently.
“Oh, one more thing, he wouldn’t pursue this matter this time. You better know your place.” After saying that, George got up and was about to go out.
“George.” Alyssa chased after him, “My dear son…”
George looked at her, “Think carefully how you should act from now on. If you continue your behaviour like always, don’t blame me in the future when I decide not to acknowledge you as my mother anymore.”
After saying that, he pulled the door open and went out.
“Enoch…” Alyssa turned to look at her husband.
Enoch was rolling himself back into his room.
The two of them didn’t even touch their chopsticks. They had lost all appetite after listening to what George had to say.
After leaving his house, George found Atwood.
He wanted to know how things were developing.
“Since she’s dead, the police will deal with the aftermath,” Atwood said.
“That woman deserves to die,” George said resentfully.
Atwood sighed profusely and thought that she did indeed deserve her death. For some reason, he felt a little sorrowful.
“Are you free now? Come drink with me?” Atwood asked.
“Yeah. I have a favour to ask of you too.”
“A favour to ask of me?” Atwood felt surprised, “Mr. James has told me about not going after your mum this time.”
Besides this, he couldn’t think of anything else.
“I know that. I am not talking about that.” George pulled Atwood, “Let’s find a place and sit down to talk.”
#####Chapter 966 Behave Like a Graceful Girl
Atwood looked at him, “It’s rare that you want to tell me something. Firstly, is it good news or bad news?”
George was not joking with him, “Serious issue.”
Atwood glanced at him and believed him momentarily.
He was wary of George since he was Alyssa’s son. After all, who knew what he was thinking in his mind?
George could sense that Atwood was wary of him but he did not take it seriously. Anyway, who should he blame for being Alyssa’s son?
Nobody could decide their birth.
He resigned himself to have such a mother. However, he had to change himself and could not be idle anymore.
Soon, they arrived at a bar. George was familiar with this place as he used to fool around here and recognize some people.
Although those people were not kind, still they were not bad guys either. They just liked to make out but they were still very loyal to friends.
He was familiar with the layout here since he had been a regular customer. So, he chose a quiet private room.
“Go ahead, what do you want to tell me?” Atwood spoke after sitting down.
George cracked a joke to enliven the atmosphere, “How come you’re so impatient? You’re even my brother’s right hand.”
Atwood was speechless.
He chuckled, “Just kidding. Don’t be too serious.”
Atwood ridiculed him in his mind. ‘Am I very close with you?’
George became serious and said, “Back to the point.”
“Go ahead.” Atwood moved his neck and leaned back onto the sofa.
“Has something happened to my brother recently?” He felt that Stanford had suddenly changed his attitude and accepted him due to something seemingly.
As for what reason, he was not too sure.
So, he wanted to get the answer from Atwood.
“Mr. James…” Atwood paused for a moment, “Indeed, quite a few things have happened to him.”
“Tell me what those things are.” George approached him.
Atwood pushed him away, “Behave yourself. Don’t get so close to me.”
George was speechless.
He sat upright, “Go ahead.”
“Amanda didn’t die. His change in attitude must have something to do with her. He wanted to get her back. His leg was injured because he went to chase after her.” Atwood signed, “You’re the one who harmed him.”
Atwood had always believed that the culprits who caused Stanford to be like this were Alyssa and Enoch.
They were the ones who had caused Stanford’s unfortunate childhood that made him lack love and lose Amanda.
George did not retort because Atwood was right.
He did think so and admitted it.
“Let bygones be bygones. I’m looking for you this time because I want to do something for him.” George made up his mind, “Do you know where she is now?”
“What do you want to do?” Atwood did not trust George yet as he was afraid George would do something bad to Stanford.
George understood Atwood’s reaction and explained, “I know he didn’t hold my mother to account. I’m grateful for that. It has always been our fault and we feel sorry for him. Now, I want to do something for him. Since his leg is still injured and it’s difficult moving around, I want to bring my sister-in-law back for him.”
Atwood looked at him and did not say anything. He just looked at him quietly for a long time.
George did not dodge either. He looked straight at Atwood’s scrutinizing gaze and said, “I’m honest and serious.”
Atwood thought for a while, “It’s fine too. Anyway, I can’t get away from my job. It’s better to have somebody who can go and find her for me.”
George smiled, “I will find her by all means. I will definitely get my sister-in-law back for my brother.”
Atwood sighed, “I hope you can.”
“What do you mean? You know my sister-in-law used to like my brother so much…”
“George.” Atwood interrupted him, “It was Mr. James who initiated the divorce in the first place. She was almost killed by Lindsay and even lost a child. Do you think she can still forgive him?”
George’s eyes widened and he remained silent then.
He was shocked that Amanda had lost a child before and it belonged to Stanford as well.
In fact, he had always understood that Stanford longed for family warmth.
So, his change in attitude was because he had lost a lot of things that he cared about. Now, he wanted to get them back?
As such, Stanford was forgiving his mother because he did not want to cause any unforgivable mistakes out of hatred.
“I will bring my sister-in-law back,” George said firmly.
Atwood took a deep breath, “I hope you can really make it.”
Actually, he did not believe George could make it.
The word “forgive” was rather easy to say. However, it required much courage to actually do that.
“Hey, she is at Chiang Mai in Thailand. You try your best.” Atwood stood up after saying that, “I still have something to do, I will leave first.”
He walked out and left after saying that.
George looked at him, “Thank you. Don’t tell my brother first, I want to give him a surprise.”
Atwood did not turn around but he just waved his hand, “Got it.”
Atwood went straight to the villa after leaving the bar.
A maid was recruited to clean up the villa since Stanford had difficulty with his legs, so he could not be left alone at home.
He had to inform Stanford after settling those issues.
When he arrived at the villa, Stanford was sitting in front of the window. The maid had already prepared some food and served them on the table a while ago. The food seemed to have got cold.
“Mr. James.” He walked over.
“Lindsay is dead. She is proven to have committed suicide after investigation. I have already dealt with Blithe. Also, Michael who let her go has been dismissed and investigated.”
Stanford sat still and did not respond, but Atwood knew that he had heard it clearly.
“She always used to sit opposite me at that table.” Stanford moved his wheelchair and looked towards the table.
Atwood pursed his lips and lowered his head.
“But I have lost her.” His face was gloomy, “This is the punishment given to me for hurting her.”
“I haven’t eaten yet. Mr. James, let me accompany you.” Atwood took the initiative and spoke.
Stanford shook his head, “I don’t have any appetite.”
It was not her sitting opposite him at the table. Nobody could replace her.
“When your leg is better later, you can go and find her. There’s still a chance.” Atwood comforted him.
Stanford raised his eyes and looked at Atwood. Last time, Atwood claimed that it was impossible to get her back. But now, he said that there was still a chance.
The former was more realistic while the latter was rather comforting.
He still wanted to give it a try no matter what.
The maid came over with the phone that was still ringing, “Mr. James, your phone on the table is ringing.”
Stanford reached out to pick it up and answered the call.
On the other hand, it was George’s voice, “Brother, I shouldn’t be hanging around like this anymore. I have decided to study abroad. But before I go and study, I want to do something. Give me some time.”
Stanford replied “all alright” softly.
Atwood lowered his head and looked downwards to hide his expression.
It was in Thailand.
Amanda’s leg was healed.
Nina said, “Let’s go out and have some fun now.”
Amanda did not decline her invitation. She had stayed here for a few days and was quite close with Nina mainly because Nina was adorable.
“Let daddy be our tour guide.” Nina wanted to go and call Joan but Amanda pulled her back, “Let’s go together. Your daddy is very busy. It’s better not to disturb him from working.”
“But daddy has promised me.” As she just finished speaking, Joan walked over without wearing a uniform but dressed in a casual outfit.
“Let me accompany both of you.”
Nina smiled at Amanda, “We won’t get lost if he is around.”
“Don’t you trust me?” Amanda said deliberately.
Nina replied, “No, I didn’t mean that.”
She hugged Amanda’s leg, “I just want you and daddy to go out and play with me together. Don’t be angry.”
Amanda pinched her cheek, “I’m not angry.”
“I will drive the car.” Joan walked out first.
“Wait for us.” Nina pulled Amanda and ran over to him.
“Daddy.”
“Nina.” Joan stopped her from running, “You can’t run like that.”
Nina blinked her eyes and mumbled, “I used to run like this.”
Joan actually cared for Amanda. Her ankle was just healed and it was not suitable to run yet. He carried and held Nina in his arm, “Can you behave like a graceful girl?”
#####Chapter 967 Nice
Nina covered her mouth and laughed.
Joan stared at her, “What are you laughing at?”
“Do I laugh gracefully?” Nina continued to cover her mouth.
Joan was speechless.
He looked at the sky helplessly. What kind of kid was she?
Amanda was amused by this kid.
With Joan leading the way, Amanda and Nina just sat back in the car and did not have to worry about anything.
“Ms. Nelson, is there somewhere you want to visit?” Joan looked at her in the rear-view mirror.
Amanda thought for a moment, “I want to burn incense and worship the gods.”
Thailand people believed in Buddhism.
“Alright.” Joan continued driving.
Soon, the car stopped.
After getting out of the car, Amanda felt the strong Buddhist culture everywhere in Thailand. Chiang Mai had over 270 temples and there would be a temple almost a few steps apart. Furthermore, each temple had its own style with some being splendour while some old temples were still under maintenance.
Joan carried Nina and took Amanda to one of the three major temples in Chiang Mai, Wat Phra Singh.
They could already smell the strong scent of incense before they entered the temple.
The smoke enveloped the temple as many tourists were her to pray and visit the place.
Amanda bought the incense, “I will go in. You guys wait for me a while.”
Joan nodded his head.
When she entered the main hall, the first thing that caught her attention was a golden Buddha statue sitting cross-legged with beads in the hand. The Buddha statue was magnificent while overlooking the crowd.
Amanda lit the incense from the fire by the red wax. She knelt on the cushion and bowed with her hands together while praying devoutly in her heart. ‘Bless my parents with long life and stay healthy forever. As for the baby that died in my stomach and did not come to this world, I hope he will be reborn soon in a good family safe and sound.’
She placed the incense into the censer after praying.
She walked out and saw Joan buying something that was wrapped in green leaves and was roasted on the fire. She wondered what it was.
“What are you buying?” She asked.
Nina answered in the first place, “It’s Chinese olive and it’s delicious.”
“Taste it.” Joan handed it to her.
Amanda took it and said, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome, you’re welcome. We’re a family.” Nina waved her hand.
Amanda lowered her eyes as she was slightly embarrassed.
Although they had been together for a few days and she had recognized Joan, still they were only ordinary friends. The “ambiguous relationship” created by Nina made her uncomfortable.
“Don’t talk while you’re eating.” Joan carried her up.
Nina leaned onto him and whispered beside his ear, “Daddy, she is going to leave when her leg is fine. If you don’t go after her, you won’t have a chance anymore.”
Joan was speechless.
“Don’t talk nonsense.”
“How am I talking nonsense. If you know something about love, you won’t be single by now. I’m trying to help you.” Nina sighed, “It seems that I have to take action.”
“What are you going to do?” Joan vaguely sensed that something bad was going to happen.
His sense was right in the next second. She smiled and looked at Amanda, “What did you wish for when you were praying?”
Amanda was slightly puzzled. Nina added before Amanda could think of an answer, “Was it for a marriage?”
Amanda was speechless.
Joan was speechless either.
They thought in their mind at the same time.
‘Why is this kid so playful?’
‘How come she knows so much stuff at this young age.’
“No.” Amanda pinched her cheeks, “Kids should behave like kids.”
Nina pouted and continued speaking, “How is my daddy?”
Joan was speechless.
He covered Nina’s mouth.
Amanda knew what Nina was trying to say as Nina wanted to help Joan find a wife wholeheartedly.
“Your daddy is very nice but your daddy and I aren’t suitable. I’m not suitable to be your mother.” Amanda stated her words clearly to Nina.
“Why?” Nina removed Joan’s hand from her mouth.
Amanda did not explain and fed her some Chinese olives in her mouth.
Nina mumbled while eating.
They strolled along the streets. The fun thing about travelling in Chiang Mai was to hang around leisurely. They were relaxing and laughing throughout the trip.
“I want this.” Nina saw a vendor selling toys, so she reached out to get a toy.
Joan doted on her and bought the toy for her.
Amanda smiled while feeling that Nina was so lucky to have Joan.
It was rare for him, an unmarried man, to have such a loving heart.
They passed by a classy silk store. On the sign, it claimed that they were specialized in Thai silk.
Amanda walked into the store.
She was attracted to a light grey scarf. It looked brilliant and was so soft to touch.
“It’s one hundred per cent Thai silk. You won’t find such quality apart from our store.”
Amanda was slightly familiar with fabrics since she was influenced by Dolores and heard about them since young.
She had heard that Thai silk was very rare because the processing time was long so the price was high. Indeed, the scarf was really nice and smooth to touch.
“Try it on to see if it looks nice,” Nina yelled.
Amanda smiled and said, “Alright.”
She felt comfortable while putting on the scarf as the fabric was so soft on her skin.
“Nice,” Nina said with a smile.
She looked herself in the mirror and nodded, “I like it too.”
“Wrap it up for me.” She took off the scarf and handed it to the promoter.
The promoter took it over and walked to the front desk. Amanda followed the promoter and took out her wallet.
“Miss, that man has already paid for it.”
Amanda looked up.
Joan was looking at her, “I will give it as a present for you.”
“But…”
“You help me take care of Nina. Just treat it as a token of appreciation.” Joan said.
Amanda felt embarrassed, “I didn’t take care of her anyway.”
“You taught her how to draw.”
Amanda was speechless.
“Well, thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Put it on,” Nina spoke.
Amanda took the scarf out of the box and draped it around her shoulder.
Nina moved Joan’s head so that he was looking at Amanda, “Look, daddy, does she look nice?”
Joan’s gaze fell on Amanda. She was indeed as beautiful as the first time he had met her. In fact, she had inherited all the good qualities from her parents with a delicate face as well as fair skin.
However, it was just that she was less happy than before, not as bright and happy when they had first met each other.
“Daddy, daddy, say something.” Nina pulled and shook Joan’s clothes.
Joan regained his sense and said, “Nice.”
Nina laughed.
Payne was shopping with her best friend outside the glass window. Suddenly, they saw the three was talking and laughing through the window.
“Hey, isn’t that Joan? Who is the woman next to him? Is she his girlfriend? She seems to be a foreigner.” Payne’s friend saw them too.
“She is not his girlfriend. She just stays with him for accommodation!” Payne glared at her best friend.
“But they do seem quite close. Joan is known to be serious and indifferent. Now, he is shopping with a woman. Do you think that’s normal?” Payne’s friend continued, “Staying with him for accommodation?  Did Joan tell you that? Do you believe that too?”
Payne frowned, “What do you mean?”
“I mean their relationship wasn’t that simple,” Payne’s best friend said.
Payne clenched her fist, “Joan won’t lie to me.”
She rushed into the store after saying that.
#####Chapter 968 So Rude
The promoter handed the card back to Joan but it was snatched by Payne. She glanced at the scarf on Amanda’s shoulder and then looked at Joan, “Did you pay for this?”
Joan frowned as she barged into the store abruptly, “Why are you here?”
“I’m asking you. Why did you buy her something?” Payne’s aggressive manner was like a wife questioning her husband for having a secret affair with another woman.
Joan took the card from her hand, “Do I have to ask your permission to buy something for anybody?”
Payne was speechless.
Amanda felt that she had made her misunderstand and caused trouble for Joan. She wanted to help Joan explain, “Oh, Joan and I are just ordinary friends.”
Payne glared at her, “Don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not lying to you. I’m already married.” Amanda tried her best to explain.
Although she was divorced, still she had married before. She did not want to bring trouble to Joan for accommodating at his home.
Payne was speechless all of a sudden.
“Oh, sorry I…”
Joan carried Nina up and held Amanda’s hand. He gave Payne a cold look, “I hate you to interfere in my life. Don’t come to my house again in the future.”
He brought them out of the store after saying that.
Payne chased after him, “I didn’t mean to.”
Joan turned around and glared at her, “I hope you behave well like a woman. I won’t like you even if you keep pestering me like this.”
Payne was dumbfounded.
Joan was initially in a good mood but ended up being infuriated by Payne throughout the outing.
Nina sighed gently.
Amanda patted her head, “Don’t sigh easily at such a young age.”
“Daddy is attracting such an unwanted encounter because he is not married yet,” Nina said.
Amanda was surprised, “You even know the phrase ‘unwanted encounter’?”
This phrase was taught to Nina by Dolores. Since Payne had been pestering Joan, Nina was complaining her in front of Dolores and Dolores just simply described her with the phrase.
So, Nina remembered it.
Their plan for the trip came to the end at noon after being disturbed by Payne.
Amanda felt that she had caused trouble to Joan, “Today, I have caused trouble to you and let her misunderstand you.”
“It’s not your problem.” Joan shook his head helplessly.
It was not the first time that Payne had been like this. She would be extremely wary whenever a female appeared around him.
“It bothers me.” Joan could not get rid of such a pestering woman.
Amanda gave him an idea, “Just hurry up and find the right one to marry. Won’t that solve it?”
“Do you have a happy marriage?” Joan still asked anyway, “I saw you when you came to meet your parents last time.”
He knew that she was married too.
He knew it from Dolores.
He heard it once Matthew and Dolores were talking about her past. They did not mention anything else after seeing him.
He expected she had a happy marriage as she was able to smile blissfully at that time. But now, her smile had changed and was not that blissful anymore.
Amanda lowered her eyes, “Quite good.”
“But I don’t see that you’re happy,” Joan said.
Amanda looked up, “Is it that obvious?”
She thought carefully as she had hidden her emotion quite on purpose. ‘How can he still notice it?’
Joan said, “I feel it.”
“Why don’t you get married?” Amanda switched the topic of discussion deliberately. She did not want to talk about herself, so she brought the conversation back to him.
“Didn’t meet the right one.” Joan said honestly, “My parents are very affectionate and I wish to be like them.”
Amanda also talked about her parents, “My parents are very affectionate too.”
Joan smiled, “I know.”
Amanda looked ahead, “Once, I have longed to experience the same relationship as my parents.”
However, she failed to do so.
She got herself upset and was overwhelmed with grief.
Joan looked at her quietly and saw a flicker of sadness in her eyes, “Did he betray you?”
Amanda smiled bitterly, “Not really. I thought it was love but it was just wishful thinking on my part.”
He was just taking revenge.
“What are you planning to do?”
“We got divorced a long time ago.” Amanda pretended to be relaxed and joked, “My eyes weren’t sharp before.”
Joan was surprised suddenly. ‘Is she divorced?’
“Sir.” At that moment, Sally came over and told him that somebody had called him. He got up, “I go and answer the call.”
Amanda smiled, “Go ahead.”
Joan got up and went in.
Amanda took a sip of water on the table. This place was surrounded by greenery, especially those tropical plants that were very pleasing to see.
She strolled along the river nearby where small boats passed by. In the past, these boats used to sell a lot of vegetables and fruits along the river bank. But now, fewer people were living here, so there were no more vendors.
Many houses were built on the river since there were many rivers in Thailand.
The scenery is quite impressive.
She was so indulged in the beautiful scenery that she did not notice somebody was following her behind. The person was about to reach out and push her down the river.
However, that pair of evil hands were grabbed by another person in the nick of time. Payne was shocked, “Joan…”
Amanda turned around when she heard the noise.
She saw them and seemed to realize what was going on just by looking at their posture. Then, she stood behind Joan.
Joan’s gaze was serious, “I think it’s time for me to visit your father.”
Payne shook her head, “Don’t.”
Joan removed her, “You can be arrogant and willful. But it’s a matter of your personality when you try to harm people. Don’t be so rude again if you don’t want me to find your father.”
“I won’t. I was just trying to make fun of her.” Payne was not intending to push her as she was just a bit playful at that moment. She just wanted to prank Amanda when she saw Amanda alone by the river.
Joan frowned, “Is it alright if I throw you into the river?”
“No way,” Payne said immediately.
“I was just joking, why not?”
“There’re snakes in the river. I’m scared.” Payne pouted while reaching out to grab his arm, “Joan…”
Joan moved her hand away, “If you’re scared, how about the others?”
Payne was speechless.
She kept quiet as she was scolded by him.
“Go back now,” Joan commanded her.
“I don’t.” Payne refused willfully.
“Whatever.” Joan grabbed Amanda’s wrist and pulled her to leave that place after saying that.
Amanda wanted to withdraw her hand instinctively at the moment Joan touched her. However, Joan’s grip was very tight.
She had no choice but to follow his pace.
When they reached the backyard, Joan instructed his maid and servant at home, “Don’t let Payne in again.”
He let go of Amanda’s wrist as he spoke.
Amanda put her hands behind her back immediately.
She took a step backwards to keep a distance from him.
Joan only recalled that he had just grabbed her wrist when he saw her movement.
He was perplexed while his fingers curled slowly as if he could still vaguely feel the warmth on her skin.
“I’m sorry. I…”
He tried to explain that he had not done it on purpose.
“It’s alright.” Amanda just did not like to have excessive contact with him. After all, men and women were still different.
“I have just got an invitation call. Ms. Nelson, can I invite you to attend with me?”
#####Chapter 969 A Smart Cookie
“Hmm…”
It was when Amanda just wanted to decline his invitation as she felt uncomfortable accompanying him in public.
“Just promise my daddy. He has even healed your injury and let you stay with us.” Nina appeared from nowhere at this moment.
Joan looked at her and seemed to be waiting for her answer.
After Nina had said that, it was difficult for her to decline as it would be impolite. She could not be unconcerned about it as he had indeed helped her before.
She looked at Nina. ‘Is this little kid’s brain of an adult?’
‘Is she a kid?’
She looked similar to her brother who was like a little adult since young.
“Say yes. Won’t you really even help my daddy with that?” Nina continued saying.
Amanda was speechless.
“I’m not saying no…”
“Then you mean yes.”
Nina pulled Joan happily before Amanda could finish speaking, “Daddy, daddy, she said yes.”
Joan knew that Amanda was not promising him, but he did not give her a chance to decline, “Thank you.”
Amanda was speechless.
She agreed with both of them.
“Alright.” She was forced to agree.
It was not that she wanted to decline Joan as she would help him with other things. However, she was going to accompany him to attend a dinner. This would make people easily misunderstand their relationship when she was beside him in public.
“Yeah, I’m so happy.” Nina jumped cheerfully and yelled, “Sally, Sally, hurry up and bring two basins.”
Amanda felt that she was overjoyed, “Nina, why do you need two basins?”
Nina laughed, “We didn’t have fun out today and we even missed the Water Festival. It’s too bad, so you have to play with me.”
Sally took two small plastic basins. Nina dropped one on the floor and held the other in her hand. She filled half of the basin with water from the pool, “Ready…Go…”
There was a splash.
As she just said, a basin of water was splashed towards Amanda and Amanda’s clothes were instantly wet.
Amanda was speechless.
Joan was speechless as well.
Both of them thought in their minds at the same time. ‘Is this kid serious?’
“Come and splash me. Come and splash me.” Nina started filling up the basin with water again. Meanwhile, she kept giving Joan a wink to join in.
Joan stood still in place, “Nina, are your eyes uncomfortable?”
Why was she winking?
Nina was speechless.
She rolled her eyes as her dad was really clumsy.
She had come out with so many ideas just to help him marry a wife. However, he was stupid enough to ask her if her eyes were uncomfortable.
She splashed a basin of water onto Joan and thought in her mind. ‘You better wake up!’
Both Amanda and Joan got wet while Nina was laughing over there joyfully.
Amanda was speechless.
Joan was speechless too.
Both of them felt that this kid’s laughter was so irritating at the same time.
Then, they went to get the basin on the floor. They looked up at each other as their hands rested on the basin at the same moment.
Both of them wanted to give in. So, they withdrew their hands at the same time.
Nina was speechless.
Her daddy was really stupid.
She could not help him even she had created so many opportunities for him.
Nina laughed, “Look at the way you guys are drenched.”
Amanda was speechless.
This kid learnt quite many words but her laughter was really irritating.
“Teach her a lesson.” Joan handed the basin to Amanda.
She looked at Joan and hesitated for two seconds. Then, she reached out and take the basin, “I will take revenge for you.”
After taking over the basin, she filled the basin with water and splashed at Nina. Immediately, Nina’s body was soaked through as well.
Nina was speechless.
“Wait for it.” Nina filled up the basin with water and splashed it again.
Amanda did not stop splashing too. Then, both of them splashed at each other.
Joan who was standing at the side also got wet.
Soon, he went into the house and took a basin to join them.
Haha…
Ah…
Ew…
It was like the actual Water Festival. The three of them were drenched.
Nina was bullied by them, so she conceded, “Don’t play anymore. Stop…”
“No!” Amanda continued splashing at her.
Nina was speechless.
In the end, she ran away as she could not cope with them.
Amanda smiled while looking at her back.
At this moment, she did not have any worries in her mind and was laughing from the bottom of her heart.
Such a smile was the same as Joan had seen her smile for the first time. He was mesmerized by her blissful smile.
“This kid is just a smart cookie.” Amanda laughed helplessly.
Joan regained his sense when he heard Amanda speaking, “She is a…”
Before he could utter the words “clever kid”, he vaguely noticed Amanda’s delicate body and skin through her wet clothes.
She exposed her collarbone and there were crystal water droplets on it. She looked simply alluring.
He turned his head away quickly as his ears became hot.
Amanda realized what was going on. She lowered her head and noticed her own look now.
She frowned and dropped the basin onto the ground. She put her hands on her chest while she was so embarrassed at the moment.
Was she in this look when she was splashing just now?
Joan went inside and got a bath towel. He handed it to her as he looked away.
Amanda took the bath towel and draped it around her body. She lowered her eyes and said, “Thank you.”
Joan said unnaturally, “Go in and take a shower.”
Both of them did not look at each other while speaking.
Amanda replied “alright” softly. Then, she turned around and went into the house.
Joan just stood still in place and stared at Amanda’s back.
Amanda’s pace was getting even faster. She seemed to feel somebody gazing at her.
However, she did not dare to turn back.
#####Chapter 970 Beauty Is in The Eye of The Beholder
When Amanda entered the house, Nina was standing in the living room. Sally had just helped her to the bathroom. Amanda took a shower and put on clean clothes.
Her hair was still slightly wet as she just wiped her hair with a dry towel and did not blow it with a hairdryer. At this moment, she was blinking her big eyes while looking towards the doorway.
Joan walked in.
His clothes were soaking wet too. He looked strong and attractive while exposing his muscles vaguely.
Nina had already been familiar with it as she had seen the upper part of daddy’s body naked before.
She was more concerned about something else at this moment.
“Daddy.” Nina blocked his way, “Why didn’t you play with her a little longer?”
It was not easy for her to create such an opportunity.
Joan was speechless.
After all, should he and she splash water onto each other?
“Hey, her leg is fine and she is about to leave. You don’t have a chance anymore if you don’t seize it properly.” Nina was worried.
She started giving him a lecture, “Think about it, there will only be two of us again for dinner if she is gone. How lonely would it be?”
“You don’t want her to leave just because you’re afraid of having a lonely dinner, aren’t you?” Joan frowned.
Wasn’t it because she liked Amanda?
“There’s more than that of course. She is also pretty. She will tell me stories and cuddle me until I fall asleep. She is like my mum. If both of you get together, I will have a daddy and a mum as well.” Nina rambled on but she seemed to miss the main point.
“Nina, don’t you like her and that’s why you wanted her to stay?” Joan asked.
“I like her of course. Don’t you like her too?” Nina asked in return.
Joan was dumbfounded.
Did he like her?
He did not seem to hate her…quite enjoyed getting along with her.
Was that kind of liking?
“Daddy, this is your last chance. You don’t have any chance left if you miss it.” Nina exclaimed in dismay.
Joan patted her head, “Children should not bother adults’ business.”
Nina pouted, “Just relying on yourself, you will be alone for the rest of your life.”
Joan was speechless.
This kid was really smart but mischievous!
Joan went out after having lunch, leaving Amanda and Nina at home.
Nina was helpless as she felt that Joan was an idiot. Amanda was going to leave soon but he still went out and did not know to win Amanda’s heart.
Amanda was booking a flight ticket online while sitting on a sofa.
She was going to leave tomorrow after accompanying Joan to the dinner tonight.
Nina approached her, “What are you doing?”
Amanda had already booked the flight ticket. She put her phone down and reached out to hug Nina. She was going to leave and would not see this smart cookie anymore.
Nina blinked her eyes and asked, “Do you think my daddy is good?”
Amanda said without hesitation, “He is a kind person.”
Nina continued looking at her but then Amanda did not make any other remarks.
Nina was speechless.
“Don’t you like my daddy?” Nina asked in anticipation. She added as she was afraid Amanda might misunderstand, “The kind of love between a man and a woman.”
Amanda was speechless.
‘What is this kid’s brain full of?’
‘She even knows about the love relationship between a man and a woman?’
“Say something.” Nina kept demanding answers.
Joan was coming in with a box and he heard the question asked by Nina. He stopped at the doorway as he somehow wanted to know how did Amanda feel about him.
He stood still and wanted to hear Amanda’s answer.
Amanda looked at Nina and shook her head, “Your daddy is good but I don’t like him.”
Nina could no longer sit still, “Why?”
Joan was very disappointed at the doorway.
“No reason.” Amanda was about to get up when Nina pulled her, “Tell me why.”
At such a young age, she was so stubborn to find out the reason.
Amanda did not want to deal with her relationship anymore after getting along with Stanford. She did not dare to try a new relationship.
Since she had not been with Stanford for the whole year, she just wanted to take revenge on Stanford and did not want to deal with her relationship.
She was afraid that her sincerity was just a daydream after all.
She once hoped to have a sweet relationship with the right person, enjoying a blissful life until death.
She would not have such anticipation in the future.
With a broken heart, she did not dare to fall in love with anybody else.
However, she could not say these words to such a small kid. Amanda thought for a while as she had to give Nina a reason, “Nina, your daddy and I aren’t suitable.”
“Why aren’t you suitable? You’re pretty while my daddy is handsome. It’s a perfect match.”
“That’s just the surface.” Amanda caressed her head, “There’s nothing to do with appearance when two people get along. As a saying goes, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. If you like somebody, you will find them good-looking no matter how beautiful or ugly they look.”
“What do you mean by ‘beholder’?” Nina asked.
Amanda explained patiently, “A beholder means a person who sees and observes somebody.”
“But I have never met the beauty, so how does the beauty concern me whether she looks beautiful or ugly?” Nina said.
Amanda was speechless.
Had she been explaining so long for nothing?
“I know you’re beautiful.” Nina smiled, “Why don’t you like my daddy?”
Amanda was speechless.
She thought about it and gave a simple reason, “Nina, your daddy and I aren’t suitable because we have different experiences. Your daddy hasn’t liked anybody yet, but I have liked somebody before.”
Nina stood on tiptoes, “Did you fall in love with somebody?”
Initially, Amanda wanted to say that she had loved somebody in the past.
However, she wanted Nina to give up the idea of matching them. So, she said purposely, “Yes, I fall in love with somebody.”
Nina was extremely depressed as she looked like a deflated ball.
Joan was gloomy at the doorway.
“Sir.” Sally came over with some fruit and greeted Joan at the doorway.
Nina and Amanda looked at the doorway immediately when they heard Sally’s voice.
Joan stepped in and replied “yes” softly.
“Daddy,” Nina shouted.
Joan placed the box on the table. Then, he carried Nina and kissed her cheek, “Let Sally bring you to get some sugar apples in the backyard since they’re ripe, okay?”
Nina nodded, “Okay.”
Sally came over and took Nina to the backyard.
Nina yelled, “Let’s go and get a basket.”
Sally let her take a small bamboo basket to the backyard.
Joan sat down on the sofa opposite.
He wanted to say something to Amanda but did not know how to start a conversation. Both of them remained silent for a while.
The sudden silence was a bit awkward.
Amanda broke the silence first and simply found a topic, “What’s inside this box?”
“A dress.”
She raised her eyes.
Joan said, “It’s for you.”
Amanda immediately understood that it should be a formal dress required for the dinner.
“Hmm…” Joan stammered.
He pondered as he still did not know how to express himself.
He intended to comfort Amanda but he did not know how to comfort her.
Amanda saw his clumsy look and could not help but feel amused.
“Straight to the point,” She spoke.
#####Chapter 971 Fate Brings People Together No Matter How Far Apart They May Be
She had been here for a few days so she roughly knew about Joan’s personality. He was aloof and an idealist. As his parents had a happy marriage, he aspired to have a similarly happy marriage life.
He was the kind of person who would never settle for it before he met the person he liked.
He was kind-hearted but he never said it with his mouth, but via practical actions.
The way he looked without his uniform gave the impression of being a tender gentleman.
He was a very good man.
The way he was nervous at this moment and did not know how to start the conversation was cute.
“When I came in just now, I heard what you said to Nina,” Joan spoke after quite a while.
Amanda froze for a moment and then looked at him, confused. ‘What is he trying to say?’
“Do you love your ex-husband very much? You can’t get him out of your mind?” Joan asked.
It was a question, but more like he was feeling her out.
Amanda was silent for a few seconds, trying to understand why he had such a question. ‘It should be because of the words she replied to Nina.’
“I don’t love him.” It was a very firm tone. Her love was buried long ago in his words when he told her to divorce and burnt to ashes in that fire, “I told Nina that there is someone I like in my mind and it’s just because I don’t want her to fix me up with you.”
Hearing the words ‘don’t love’, Joan’s eyebrows were raised with a trace of unconcealed happiness. But when he heard the latter part of the sentence, that happiness dissipated again, “So, her action of fixing you up with me has bothered you, is it?”
“No,” Amanda hurriedly explained. She knew clearly in her mind that Joan was a good person.
Joan was an innocent person who had not yet dated a woman until now. Whereas, she had married and divorced. The difference between their love relationship backgrounds was too great.
She said to Nina that it was inappropriate because she wanted to tell her that she was a divorced woman and was not the right woman for Joan.
This would make her feel that she had ruined the purity in Joan.
She felt that the woman who was compatible with Joan should be a woman like him, with clean love relationship background, innocent and kind-hearted.
She knew she had none of these.
She also did not dare to tarnish this beauty.
“I was just afraid I’d bring you trouble. I’m a divorcee. I’m the benefitted party to be rumoured to have love affairs with you,” she said with a smile.
Joan smiled. His eyes were shining brightly like the bright stars of the night.
“Mr. Morton, what kind of women do you like?” Amanda suddenly asked.
Joan looked at her, “A woman who is innocent, likes to smile and looks very pleasant when smiling.”
Amanda asked again, “Is there a requirement for looks?”
Joan shook his head.
“Then I’ll definitely introduce the right one to you when I meet one,” Amanda said with a smile.
She was being serious. ‘Joan is already twenty-nine-year-old but he hasn’t been in love with anyone. This is a great loss for him. He should date a wonderful person at his best age to leave a good memory for himself. So, when he is old, he can sit back-to-back with the person he loves and talks about his stories in the past.’
Joan was speechless.
He thought Amanda had feelings for him but surprisingly, it turned out that…
It turned out that she wanted to introduce another woman to him.
“I don’t like deliberate arrangements,” he said.
Amanda thought he was really serious. ‘Is he believing in fate or believing in destiny?’
‘It’s true though. They revere Buddhism so much.’
She said, “There is an old saying in my hometown that says, ‘Fate brings people together no matter how apart they may be, otherwise, they can’t know each other even if they’re face to face.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that people who are destined to meet you will meet you even at a distance and people who aren’t destined to meet you will not meet you even if they’re in front of you.”
“Are we also considered like that?” Joan looked her in the eye and asked.
A sentence inexplicably popped up in her mind. ‘Does he like me?’
She was startled at the thought. Shocked, she then realized that she must be being narcissistic and delusional.
Her facial expression portrayed that she was lost for a moment. She quickly curled into a smile, “Not really.”
As she said, she stood up, “I’m a little sleepy. I want to take a nap.”
Her behaviour was more like subconsciously evading the question.
“Okay,” Joan responded.
Amanda strode towards her room and kept feeling that Joan was watching her. So, she quickened her paces.
After she returned to her room and closed the door, she shook her head vigorously, trying to shake off all those messy thoughts.
‘Joan has everything he wants, how is it possible that he will fall in love with a divorced woman like her?’
She slapped her face. ‘It must all be an illusion.’
She went to the bed and lay down. She must have hallucinated after not resting well in an unfamiliar place for the past few days.
‘Yes, I’m no longer a little girl. It’s a shame to have such thoughts.’
She lay on the bed for a while and really fell asleep after a moment.
Joan was sitting in the living room alone and gazing in the direction of Amanda’s bedroom.
‘She seemed to be avoiding my gaze just now.’
‘Was she afraid?’
“Dad.” Nina ran in while holding a couple of cherimoyas.
Joan regained his presence of mind and smiled at Nina.
“Try this, its taste is really good.”
Sally stopped her from handing the fruit to Joan, “I’ll go to wash and cut it before I give it to you, sir.”
Nina looked at the cherimoyas in her hand. It seemed that it was not very tasty to eat it directly. So, she put the fruit into the bamboo basket and instructed, “Don’t mix these with the ones in the basket.”
“Sure. These are so big. I won’t be confused,” said Sally.
Nina smiled and crawled into Joan’s arms, “Those were specifically picked by me for you. You can taste the sweetness later.”
Joan opened her hand, “So dirty.”
“Haha,” Nina giggled, “I forgot to wash my hands.”
Joan carried her in his arms and went to wash her hands.
Amanda who was sleeping like a log dreamt.
#####Chapter 972 No Offence
She dreamt that she was tied up and unable to move, and was thrown into a vigorously burning fire.
She desperately screamed for help but she could not make any sound.
She was frightened and frantic with terror.
Nina who had washed her hands asked Joan what Amanda was doing.
Joan said she was sleeping.
“I’ll go to take a look.”
“No.” Joan refused, “You might wake her up.”
“I’ll just take a glance. I won’t wake her up. You can follow me if you are worried,” Nina said while tugging at him.
While Joan was hesitating, Nina added, “She is already asleep. She won’t know.”
After finishing her words, she pulled Joan and walked to the bedroom, regardless of his consent.
Joan was speechless.
The door of the room was gently opened. Nina made a shushing gesture to Joan.
Joan was speechless.
He was pulled by Nina to the bed. Amanda was curling up. It was an insecure sleeping position. Many beads of sweat were formed on her head.
It looked like she was in agony.
Nina frowned. ‘Is she feeling hot?’
‘But this room isn’t hot.’
‘Why is she sweating so much?’
Amanda who was struggling in her dream saw a person’s figure through the firelight. She could not see the person’s face and could only see it was a very slender figure.
She desperately tried to grab him and was shouting with all her strength, “Save me…save me…”
Nina blinked, “What is she saying?”
Joan realized that she might be having a nightmare. He reached out and gently patted her shoulder, “Ms. Nelson.”
“Save me…”
She saw the person walking over. His appearance slowly became clear. She reached out to grab him…
Out of the blue, she opened her eyes and was gasping. She woke up from her dream.
What she saw was Joan’s handsome face with well-defined features. He was looking at her with concern at this moment.
She became slightly more awake.
“Did you have a nightmare?” Joan asked with concern.
Amanda sat up and found that her hand was surprisingly gripping Joan’s arm. She panicked and withdrew her hand, “I’m sorry, I…”
“It’s okay.” Joan went to get a handkerchief and handed it to her, “Wipe your sweat.”
Amanda took it and clutched it in her hand. She was still not recovered from the shock of the dream. For so long, she had never had such a dream.
The scene in the dream was so real.
It was so real that she could still feel the burning pain of fire on her body now.
Seeing her not moving, Joan reached out to wipe the sweat from her forehead. Just as his fingers touched her forehead, Amanda jerked back abruptly.
She was shocked due to this sudden touch.
Joan’s hand stayed in mid-air.
They looked at each other and were slightly at a loss for words.
The atmosphere became subtle at once.
Joan withdrew his hand and apologized for his subconscious abrupt behaviour, “Sorry, no offence.”
“It’s okay.” Amanda regained her presence of mind, turned her head and wiped the sweat on her forehead. Her movements were a bit chaotic and she was inexplicably panicky. As to what she was panicking about, she herself was not sure either.
“I’ve picked the fruit. Sally went to wash it. You get up and eat some,” Nina said.
Amanda looked at Nina, deliberately avoiding meeting Joan’s eyes and said, “Okay.”
Nina smiled, “Then I’ll wait for you outside.”
After saying that, she ran out with her short legs.
The room was left with Joan and Amanda.
The two of them were speechless.
A different kind of emotion was spreading.
Neither spoke as if they knew what to say.
It was also as if they were deliberately avoiding it.
“Well…”
“You…”
Both spoke and stopped speaking at the same time.
“After you…”
“After you…”
Again, it was a simultaneous action.
Amanda broke this deadlock and smiled dryly, “Nina is really cute.”
She simply found a topic.
Joan’s expression looked abnormal and he nodded.
‘Buzz’. At this time, Amanda’s phone rang. She went to take the phone, “I’ll pick up the call.”
Joan nodded, turned around and walked out.
The call was from Casimir.
“You aren’t in City B anymore?”
“Yes,” Amanda answered.
“No wonder I didn’t find you.”
“When did you come back?” she asked.
“I just came back to proceed with the resignation.”
Amanda seemed to sense the melancholy in his words, “Why?”
“My mother found out I was looking for him and forbade me to return to the country.”
“Then you…”
“Don’t say it again. I think she really doesn’t want to bring it up. Her attitude is very firm. I don’t want to worry her due to this matter.”
Amanda would not force him to do something like this.
“I’ll go to see you when I have the chance,” Amanda said.
“Okay.”
The two of them hung up after saying a few more words. She put the phone down and zoned out for a moment.
She vaguely felt that Casimir’s mother and Abbott might have had some kind of entanglement in the past. ‘Otherwise, why is she so afraid to let Casimir go to find his father.’
But now, Casimir had already decided so she could not say anything else. ‘Let it be.’
Abbott had a family now. It was not a bad thing that he did not know about this matter.
She put on her shoes and walked out.
Sally finished cutting the fruit. Nina gave a piece to Joan. When she saw her walk out, she shouted, “Come here quickly to taste this. This was picked by me.”
Amanda smiled, “Will the ones you picked be sweet?”
“That’s for sure,” Nina responded.
Amanda sat on the sofa and took a piece.
She bit it. The fruit flesh was soft and sweet.
“The one Nina picked is sweeter than the one sold outside.”
Nina laughed happily, revealing a row of neat and white small teeth.
This child always liked to smile. This made people who looked at her happy and unconsciously smile either.
When Joan saw Amanda’s lips curling into a smile, he also smiled. He reached out to move the strands of hair she had messed up in her sleep to the part behind her ears.
#####Chapter 973 Stick for Etiquette
Amanda instinctively avoided as such a demeanour was too intimate.
Joan was not embarrassed. He said, “Your hair is messy.”
She reached out and tidied up her messed hair. She sagged her eyes and said, “Thanks.”
Nina looked at Amanda and then at Joan. Her lips curled into a smile. She then happily ate the cherimoya. When she saw the exquisite box on the table, she asked, “Dad, what’s inside this box?”
“Clothes,” Joan answered.
“For whom?” she asked again.
Joan said it was for Amanda. Nina pulled Amanda, “Open it to take a look.”
Amanda said uncomfortably, “It’s better not to look at it.”
“You’ll have to wear it, why don’t you wear it first to see if it fits. You won’t have a chance to change it later.” Nina pulled her, “Take a look please.”
Amanda had no choice but to take off the cover of the box. There was a black fabric dress lying inside.
Its style could not be determined by just looking at it but one could see that the fabric was special. It was made of pure black cloth but there were hidden dark patterns. In any place where there was a light, it would reflect extremely dazzling light.
“Try it on.” Nina reached out her small hand and touched it, “It’s so smooth.”
Amanda lightly flicked her forehead, “Kid, it’s better to be good.”
“Am I not being good?” Nina blinked.
“You’re hyperactive. You should be a quiet little girl,” Amanda said deliberately.
Nina was speechless.
She moved into Joan’s arms and complained to Joan, “Dad, look at her. She isn’t cute at all.”
Amanda was speechless.
Joan turned to look at Amanda.
She promptly looked down at the dress in the box, intentionally avoiding meeting his eyes.
“You put it on. It’s 5 p.m. now. We’re going out at 6.30 p.m.” Joan knew she was avoiding him, “Let Sally help you.”
After saying that, he said to Sally, “You help Ms. Nelson to take the clothes to the room.”
Sally came over to get the clothes. Amanda said, “I’ll go in first then.”
She got up and never looked at Joan.
Joan pursed his lips, probably knowing why she avoided him like this.
He let out a light sigh.
“Dad, why did you sigh?” Nina raised her head.
Joan carried her, “Let’s go to feed the fish.”
Nina said joyfully, “Okay.”
The fish were kept in a pit that was dug out of stone. It was an irregular rectangle with aquatic inside. Several cute fish were swimming happily in it.
Nina brought fish food, threw fish food into it one by one while lying on the edge.
Joan, however, was not paying attention to this. He looked up in the direction of Amanda’s room in the house.
Inside the house.
Amanda changed into the dress.
It fitted exceptionally well as if it was tailored to her. It outlined her shapely physique to perfection.
Sally who was standing aside said in the Thai language, “It fits you really well.”
Amanda smiled as it did fit, “Sally, you can go to do your thing. You aren’t needed here.”
“But…”
“It’s fine. I can do it myself.”
Sally nodded, “Alright then.”
She walked out.
Amanda sat down in front of the dressing table and simply primped herself. ‘Wearing such formal clothes, not only it’s inappropriate to not wear make-up, but it’s also rude.’
Thus, not to embarrass Joan, she had to make herself look good too.
Sally came out and walked to the courtyard. She saw them at the fish pond and walked over, “Ms. Nelson said she could do it herself.”
Joan nodded. He quickly thought of something else and said, “Sally, come with me.”
Sally said, “Yes.”
Joan went into the house and went upstairs. He went into the treasury, which had accumulated the wealth of several generations. Gold, diamonds, all kinds of expensive jewellery, land and property, and deeds to the store were laid out in stacks.
Gold, silver and luxurious jewellery were packed in boxes.
He opened a box placed on the top, took out a red velvet box from it and then handed it to Sally, “Give this to Ms. Nelson.”
Sally raised her eyes to look at Joan, “Isn’t this Madam’s favourite jewellery before she passed away?”
Sally’s mother was the personal maid of Joan’s mother. She was now old and recuperating at home. When she was at a very young age, she often came to this mansion. Joan’s mother was kind and treated the maids very generously.
The maids who stayed were all in awe of and loyal to the Morton family.
She had seen Joan’s mother wearing this set of jewellery before and heard her mother say that Madam was very fond of it.
Joan did not explain anything but simply said indifferently, “Bring this to her.”
Sally nodded, “Yes.”
She knew there must be a certain reason that Joan did this.
Joan closed the door. This place used to use a lock but now, technology had developed so high-tech anti-theft technologies were utilized, such as face recognition, fingerprint recognition and Morse code. Ordinary people could not enter.
That set of jewellery was indeed left by his mother when she was alive. To be exact, it was an heirloom symbol that symbolized the identity of every mistress of the Morton family.
It was passed down from this grandmother to his mother.
His mother kept it very carefully.
It was rarely worn and only for important occasions.
Joan’s mother passed early and could not watch him getting married and having children. Before she passed, she told him to give this set of jewellery to the person he liked.
Before that, he stuck for etiquette as Amanda was already married. He did not show any feelings for her but now, he knew that she was divorced.
He felt he could chase her.
In the room, Amanda wore delicate make-up. Without make-up, she was like a natural and refreshing lotus while with make-up, her innocence had a touch of charm.
Sally knocked on the door. After Amanda let her come in, she opened the door and came in. She handed over the set of jewellery she was holding.
“What is this?” Amanda asked.
Sally opened the box. Amanda saw a set of blue diamond necklaces with exquisite workmanship and high-quality material.
There were seven pieces of jewellery in the set. The big ones included a necklace, a bracelet and the small ones included a pair of earrings, a ring, a pin and a hair clasp.
The quality of the diamonds was top-grade. The blue colour was evenly distributed and each piece of jewellery had the same quality.
A large diamond of good quality with high brightness and rare colour was nonsuch. If it fulfilled these characteristics and could still be combined with the others with almost no difference in terms of quality to put together as a set of jewellery, it was even rarer.
The huge blue diamond on the necklace was about the same size as the pink one she had. However, hers was alone.
This blue one was different as it was surrounded by small and large accessories, making it a magnificent and valuable set of jewellery.
Although Amanda had been around, she felt that it was inappropriate to wear such precious jewellery of others. She had a small necklace that could serve as an embellishment. Such kind was too grand.
Sally placed the box on the table, carefully took off the necklace and put it on Amanda’s neck. Sally thought since Joan had her bring it to Amanda, he must have wanted her to put it on.
#####Chapter 974 How Come He Appears Here
Amanda did not even have the time to refuse.
Sally said, “It looks good.”
She looked in the mirror. Having such a sparkling diamond on a black dress, its dazzling brilliance was accentuated even more.
“Wow.” Nina ran in at some point and exclaimed when she saw how beautiful Amanda was. She walked over and when she saw the necklace around her neck, she said, “I told you, my dad has a house full of jewellery and he can take care of you well. Now you see it isn’t a lie, right?”
Joan once took her in so she had seen the house full of jewellery.
Amanda sighed slightly. ‘She doesn’t know what should she do to this child anymore. No matter what she said, this child would always forget and then continue to fix her up with Joan.’
“Why do you come in? You don’t want to feed the fish anymore?” Sally asked her.
Only then did Nina remember what she was here for.
She hurriedly said to Amanda, “It’s almost time. I’m here to call you, Dad is waiting for you.”
Sally helped Amanda, “Let me help you put these on.”
Whilst Amanda was hesitating, Nina said, “Put it on. It looks good.”
She glanced at Nina in the mirror, compromised and let Sally put on for her. After all, she was going to a banquet with Joan. According to the domestic language, it was to make the man look good. It was not good for her to be too shabby and putting this marquis in disgrace.
After everything was packed up, she got up and walked out of the room.
Both Nina and Sally followed her.
Joan also changed his clothes. It was not western clothes but a neat military uniform. When his handsome face was expressionless, it displayed a fearful seriousness.
His slender and tall figure looked heroic and he was not smiling. All these highlighted his heroic appearance.
He was standing in the doorway and instructing the driver to do something.
“Dad.”
Nina’s voice made him turn his head to look in the direction of the house.
Amanda was standing not far from him. Her figure was tall and lithe while her manner was dignified and elegant, “Sorry for keeping you waiting.”
Joan gazed at her.
Her seaweed-like black curly hair slid down her chest. Her skin was smooth and her eyes were beautiful. When she was smiling, her brows revealed an indescribable charm. She was like a first bloomed peony flower, gorgeous but not coquettish, bewitching but not vulgar when she was dressed in the strapless black thigh-high slit dress. The attractive white fine legs which were occasionally hidden and displayed in the black dress were silently alluring.
Joan withdrew his gaze and the hand behind his back was gently clenched. His tone was not as natural and indifferent as usual, “The driver is ready, let’s go.”
Amanda walked over.
Joan opened the car door and escorted her to the car with his arm. After Amanda sat nicely, he got in the car from another side.
Nina who was standing in the doorway waved her hand at them.
Amanda waved her hand at her also.
Soon, the car was driven away.
The car moved out of the courtyard and to the road. Through the glass, Amanda saw George walking from the house in front of her. That house was her parents’ mansion.
‘These aren’t important. The important part is how come he appears here?’
“Stop the car,” Amanda blurted out. She was afraid that George’s appearance was because of Stanford.
The driver brought the car to a halt.
Based on where she was staring at, Joan also looked out the car window and saw a man.
His heart twitched. ‘Is this her ex-husband?’
Thinking about this possibility, he turned to look at Amanda.
“Do you know him?”
He asked tentatively.
Amanda did not deny it, “Yes, but we aren’t close. Let’s go.”
The driver restarted the car engine.
At this time, George saw Amanda in the car. His eyes widened abruptly as he shouted, “Amanda.”
As he said, he ran over. But even if he could run fast, he could not be faster than the car.
“Amanda,” George chased after the car and shouted.
Amanda saw it but she did not call the driver to stop.
Amanda felt the reason why George would appear here was very likely because of Stanford.
Otherwise, he would not have found this place.
When she thought of that man, her palms felt clammy.
Joan looked at her expression that was not as relaxed as before. He was worried inwardly, “Is he…your ex-husband?”
#####Chapter 975 Matter of Necessity
Amanda was a bit out of focus. She said huh when she heard his voice.
The fact that she was distracted made Joan feel even more certain that the man he just saw was her ex-husband.
‘Since she’s so disturbed, does it mean she still cares about him?’
Amanda calmed down and her lips curled into a faint smile, “What did you just say?”
Joan said, “Nothing.”
“Okay.” Amanda did not pay much attention. Her mind was still disturbed due to George’s appearance.
She was not fantasizing about Stanford but did not want her life to be disturbed again. George had found her here so she was afraid that he would disturb her parents.
She pressed her brow and took a deep breath.
The originally good atmosphere was disrupted by George’s sudden appearance. The two of them did not utter a word along the way.
The unique scenery of Thailand could be seen outside the car window. But, no one appreciated it.
After a while, the car stopped in front of an extremely luxurious palace.
The palace was resplendent and glorious with the continuation of the Buddhist kind of architecture. Its style and Joan’s mansion had a similarity. Both were deeply historical.
The car stopped. The driver came down to open the door for Joan.
Joan bent his body and walked over to another side to open the door for Amanda.
She looked up at Joan, “What is this place?”
“The Grand Palace”.
The Grand Palace was a place where the royal family lived.
The banquet today was nominally the birthday party held by the King of Thailand for his beloved daughter. But in fact, it was meant to find a suitable husband for the princess.
Among the men invited today, one-third of them were valued by the king and potentially to be chosen as his son-in-law.
Among them, the King was most interested in Joan Morton and Otto Prescott. These were the most popular aristocrats and most importantly, they controlled military power.
The King of Thailand was the Head of State, the supreme commander of three armed forces and the patron of Buddhism and all religions. The King exercised legislative, executive and judicial powers through the Parliament, the Cabinet and the Courts respectively.
The members of the House of Senate of the Parliament were appointed directly by the King. Although the Prime Minister of Thailand was democratically elected by the people, it had to be signed by the King. Whenever the Prime Minister saw the King or the royal family, he had to kneel.
From a practical point of view, military power was the actual supreme power of a country. The King had the supreme military power from a constitutional point of view. But in reality, the military power was mainly in the hands of the top brass of the military forces.
The previous old King controlled the military by his seniority and prestige but even so, Thailand had had many military coups.
Now, the King was also trying to control the top brass who held military power. The best way was to turn these people into his family.
“Joan.” Payne was in a red dress. She also looked charming and attractive after getting dolled up. She walked over quickly with a smile on her face. When she saw the person who was about to go out of the car was Amanda, her smile slowly froze, “Why do you bring her here?”
It was a questioning tone.
Joan did not bother her and reached out his hand to Amanda.
Amanda put her hand into Joan’s palm.
They looked at each other. Joan held her hand and helped her out.
At this moment, Payne’s eyes widened so much that her eyes nearly popped out. She said wilfully, “Joan, do you believe I’ll commit suicide in front of you?”
Joan said coldly, “It’s your freedom to die or live.”
“You…” Payne stomped her foot in anger.
“Payne!” A scolding voice sounded behind her.
Otto walked over and pulled his younger sister, “How can you be wilful like this?”
As he spoke, he looked at Amanda and sized up her. He actually understood why his younger sister was in a foul mood. The matter that Payne liked Joan was not a secret. All the family members knew it and hoped they would really get married. But, Joan was not interested in his younger sister.
Joan was well-known for his stubbornness and obstinacy although he was a gentleman. No one could force him to do things that he did not want to.
Payne’s family members all advised her to give up and find a suitable person to marry but she was not willing to.
“Who is this?” Otto looked at Joan and asked with a smile.
“Amanda Nelson, Ms. Nelson, my good friend.” After saying this, he introduced the two of them to Amanda.
“This is Otto Prescott.” Immediately after that, he introduced Payne, “Payne Prescott. Both of them are marquis’s children.”
Payne’s father was a marquis, the same title as Joan.
Hereditary titles were inheritable. Because Payne’s father was still alive, Otto had not yet inherited the title.
Nonetheless, he was also holding an important position in the military.
The King also believed he would do well.
However, the most preferred one was still Joan. He not only held the military power, was with the marquis title but also with high prestige although there were not many people in his family.
His ancestors were all great talents who were deeply admired by people.
Amanda nodded slightly. Her lips curled into an elegant faint smile. She did not say a word.
She was not good at speaking the Thai language. She could understand as Joan spoke English when introducing them.
In order to avoid the inability to communicate, she chose to speak less.
Payne did not know the significance of the jewellery on Amanda’s body but Otto did. He sighed for his younger sister inwardly and said to Joan, “I’m afraid your relationships aren’t as simple as friends, right?”
Joan did not explain anything and just smiled. Such a smile was like acknowledging Amanda’s identity.
Amanda did not quite understand. She thought they were just exchanging pleasantries. She was standing quietly at the side.
“It’s getting late. Let’s go in.” Both of them made a gentlemanly gesture which meant ‘after you’.
Payne was unhappy about it and was still glaring at Amanda. Otto pulled her and warned in a low voice, “Don’t be disobedient.”
“But…”
“It’s okay for you to be wilful in usual but what is the occasion today?” Otto chided.
Payne was very afraid of her elder brother. Although she was reluctant, she obediently shut her mouth and walked in arm in arm with her elder brother.
“Let’s go in too,” Joan said softly.
Amanda said, “Alright.”
She locked Joan’s arm in hers. After being inspected at the entrance, they walked into the courtyard and underwent a second inspection before they entered the banquet venue successfully.
Joan whispered, “You don’t need to do anything. Just lock my arm in yours tightly.”
He actually did not really wish to bring Amanda over for fear of causing her trouble. However, he knew the King’s mind. If he did not have a woman, the King would definitely betroth the princess to him.
That was not what he wanted.
Although he was unwilling, he also could only bring her out. This was truly a matter of necessity.
But, Amanda did not know this. She just simply thought that Joan needed a female companion.
All the people who came today were powerful in high society, mostly young people. After all, it was meant for choosing a spouse for the princess. Therefore, the elders did not come to attend.
When attending the royal banquet, regardless of men or women, everyone was dressed in an extremely formal manner. Women were even dressed to kill. The Thai clothing was commonly made of shiny silk-cut clothes and the people loved lace. It looked very cute but slightly lacked the sexiness that women should have.
Among all the women there, only Amanda was from a foreign nation. She looked calm and her demeanour was elegant. When walking, her black thigh-high slit dress would occasionally reveal her pair of white slender legs, which made her sexier.
She was the most striking woman at the banquet today, not only because of her own charm but also because she was standing beside Joan.
#####Chapter 976 Want To Make A Fool Out of Her
Joan was well respected by the leaders of the society. Although he had a title of nobility, his credibility and abilities were well accepted. He was very detailed in his personal and business affairs.
Everyone in his age would have several girlfriends but he did not.
Once, there were some rumours that Nina was his illegitimate child. Thereafter, someone who knew the truth about his adoption spoke up and the rumours went away.
In fact, most of them knew that the rumors were fabricated but they just wanted this squeaky clean man to be tainted.
He had always been alone and now he brought a woman to such a grand event, naturally, this drew much attention. Some came forward to greet Joan just to find out who Amanda was.
“Tonight’s event is so important, don’t you think that it’s inappropriate for you to bring a foreigner?” A man said but he kept looking towards Amanda.
Joan was calm as usual and unfazed, “Isn’t this a family banquet?”
A Royal family dinner was still a family dinner and not a State event. So, he could bring anyone he wished.
The man chuckled, “Everyone thought that you had no interests in women. Perhaps you only liked foreigners.”
Amanda did not understand what he was saying but from the man’s expression, she knew that what he said was not polite. She could even sense Joan tensed up. She quickly smiled beautifully and said tenderly to Joan, “I’m thirsty, shall we head over there?”
Joan acknowledged and excused himself to the man and brought her towards a table nearby. The table was elaborately decorated with fresh flowers and had an extensive spread of pastries, wine, and drinks. The entire dining hall was beautifully decorated.
Joan was intelligent and knew that Amanda did it on purpose and asked, “Didn’t you say that you can’t understand the Thai language?”
“Yes, I don’t understand,” Amanda replied honestly.
Joan was puzzled, “Then just now why did you…”
Amanda smiled mischievously, “I don’t understand the language but I understand body language.”
Joan was speechless. Then was she able to figure out his feelings?
“Lord Morton.” A beautiful woman walked over wearing a traditional Thai noble gown. Though she maintained herself very well, it was clear that she was their elder. She was the only elder at tonight’s banquet. She was the King’s concubine Saranya and was a top beauty when she was young. Now she was still elegant and dignified.
The King instructed her to hold this banquet and specially instructed her to pay attention to Joan. The King wanted her to create opportunities for Joan and the princess to interact and if possible, steer them towards marriage.
Naturally, she was keen to carry out this task properly but today Joan had brought a lady along which caught her off guard. What should she do?
She pondered for a while and then decided to find out about their relationship. After all, she had never heard of him having a girlfriend or he was fond of anyone.
“I’m so surprised that you brought such a beautiful lady here tonight. Who is she to you? Why haven’t I heard you mention her and why haven’t we met?”
Joan replied, “She is a regular friend.”
“Oh really?” Saranya was obviously doubtful and she looked towards Amanda and her jewellery.
“As far as I know, this is the Mortons' Mansion era treasure and I heard that only the Lady of Mortons' Mansion can wear them. Are you lying to me that you are just normal friends?” Saranya continued her smile with her distinctive Thai people features.
Amanda’s features were also very prominent but were more demure and daintier.
Joan persisted, “We’re just friends.” He wanted her to give up on setting him up with the princess and also get Amanda out of her sight and reduce the attention on Amanda.
However, he also knew that as soon as Amanda was brought by him to this banquet, she would never escape from public scrutiny. He felt apologetic towards Amanda.
Saranya raised her eyebrows and remarked, “Oh, then she’s our guest. There are several ladies there who would like to know her. Shall we have her go over there to mingle?” She was still trying to push her agenda.
Joan respectfully rejected, “She doesn’t understand the Thai language and could not communicate with you all.”
Now, from Saranya’s expression, she was clearly upset and said, “She’s so beautiful so she should be able to play the piano.” The more Joan resisted, the more Saranya wanted to make a fool out of Amanda, “If she doesn’t know anything, then how is she worthy of standing beside you and attend the princess’s banquet?”
Joan narrowed his eyes.
Amanda tugged Joan’s sleeve and asked softly, “Does she want me to play the piano?” She noticed Saranya pointing to a piano on the stage as if she wanted Amanda to play it.
Joan clenched his fists and said, “Yes…”
“Then I’ll do it,” Amanda replied before Joan said anything else. She knew that Saranya did it on purpose and if she did not play the piano, Joan and Saranya would continue to bicker. She did not want to cause any trouble for Joan.
She walked over to the piano elegantly.
She learned to play the piano in second grade because of Dolores. Once she heard Dolores play the piano and immediately fell in love with it. She persisted with this till when she was in University. So, she had about ten years of experience playing the piano. It was not a difficult task for her to do. What was more important was she could not let Joan down.
She elegantly sat in front of the piano and positioned her long slender fingers gently on the keys. Regardless of whether they understood her, she spoke in mandarin, “Today I’ll perform for you a piano version of ‘The cloud seeks the moon’.”
She composes herself and then commenced with the piano piece. Very soon, she was engrossed in the music as her body, arms and fingers flowed along with the melodious music. The music was captivating and drew everyone’s hearts towards her.
Joan knew that she could draw but did not know that she could play the piano so well. He was fixated on her. All eyes were on Amanda.
Soon, the music ended and Amanda bowed gently. Joan walked over to her and reached out his hand. Amanda placed her hand on his palm and he guided her off the stage.
Joan then said to the crowd, “This is a present for the princess.”
Saranya walked over and looked at Amanda not expecting her to be so talented. She had wanted to make her look bad but unexpectedly it backfired. She did not believe that Amanda was so talented so she continued, “There will be a ballroom waltz. Shall you grace us with a solo dance when the ball begins?”
#####Chapter 977 Personal Issues
Payne stood not far off and ran over when she heard what Saranya said and remarked, “Your highness, let me have the opening dance. I danced since I was a child.”
Amanda became the talk of the evening with her piano performance and everyone thought that Saranya did it on purpose to showcase her. So Payne quickly ran over to offer herself. 
Saranya looked at Payne and pondered to herself if this woman had any problems.
Payne totally did not know Saranya’s intentions but noticed Saranya’s gloomy expression. So she naturally thought that she had interfered with Saranya’s plans to highlight Amanda and said, “I can dance really well, at least much better than her.” Payne pointed to Amanda. Payne was very eager and self-confident.
“I also feel that Payne is very suitable,” Joan said.
Saranya smiled and said, “I still prefer her.”
“She had hurt her ankle and just recovered. So I’m afraid that she could not dance.” Joan continued to recommend Payne, “Payne is a royalty so she is more suited to perform for the princess.”
Saranya was speechless.
Payne nodded and said gleefully, “Yes, I’m more suitable. She’s a foreigner. How could a foreigner perform for the princess during her birthday banquet?”
“Then let her dance.” The princess walked over at this point. She wore a beautiful yellow gown with Otto beside her.
Saranya turned to look at Otto and started to frown.
“Your highness.” Saranya did a respectful bow.
According to Royal protocol, the princess’s status was higher than the concubine.
Thailand still had a system of monarchy. The princess born by the queen had a status that was above the concubines. The King’s concubines were like the mistresses of the rich in the olden times. These mistresses had a very low status in the household. Thus, the Royal concubine had the lowest royalty status.
Hence, Saranya could not say anything against the princess and Payne performed the opening dance of the ball.
Saranya spoke briefly to the princess and then left.
The princess inquired from Joan about Amanda’s identity and Joan maintained that they were friends.
The princess smiled, “Don’t worry, I won’t pick you.” The princess’ appearance was regular and her complexion was darker than usual. Her character was lively, bubbly and was very intelligent. She knew why Joan brought Amanda to the banquet.
She turned to look at Otto and said, “The King would be satisfied with him.”
After all, Otto was one of the backups who the King had agreed to. The Princess seemed to indicate her choice. 
Otto also desired to marry the Princess so their fondness for each other developed over time.
“I had always treated you as my elder brother.” The Princess chuckled.
The Princess’s mother and Joan’s mother were very good friends so the Princess had met with Joan very often since they were young. However, they grew apart after the death of Joan’s mother. But she always remembered the times they were together as kids and cherished those times.
“She’s great, you must cherish her.” She turned to leave.
Otto glared at his sister Payne but Payne did not know that she had interfered with Saranya’s plans but Otto knew. He was worried that she would cause further trouble and pulled her away.
“What’s the purpose of this banquet?” Amanda asked. Though she did not understand their conversation, she noticed that something important was happening right in front of her.
“The Princess’s birthday.”
“Then why did you bring me here? Are you worried that the Princess would take a liking for you?” Amanda said her deduction.
Joan answered truthfully, “Yes, I’m sorry.”
Amanda chuckled, “It’s okay.”
She walked over to the table to drink a glass of juice.
Joan walked over to her and asked, “Aren’t you angry?”
Amanda shook her head, “I’m just helping you.”
The ball began and most began to dance but Joan brought Amanda to somewhere quiet. He had never told Amanda his personal affairs. This was the first time he felt like sharing his personal affairs with someone else.
#####Chapter 978 He Regretted
He was willing to share his personal affairs because he was caught up in the moment. A person who was used to keeping to himself would take a while to open up to others, even if he wished to.
Since he was born to this family, he had the responsibility to protect the family’s honor. Many times it was not up to him. He had too much at stake which was linked to the social circle in which he was in.
“Heartfelt thanks.” Joan sincerely expressed his gratitude towards Amanda. He had caused her significant problems by asking her out today. 
Amanda understood his predicament and did not mind. She suddenly asked, “If you had a choice, would you wish to be born in the same family?”
Joan did not hesitate, “Of course.” He did not care about what the family gave him other than warmth and love. 
Amanda smiled. She understood Joan’s feelings. This family gave him love and warmth. At the same time, it also brought him the network that he had no choice but to interact with.
She then smiled at Joan and said, “I empathize with you.” The way she smiled was beautiful with those crescent-shaped eyes.
The banquet ended at around eleven o’clock. During the ball, Otto kept dancing with the Princess. Both of them did not leave each other’s side for the entire evening. It was very likely that Otto would be married to the Princess. In fact, the likelihood was around ninety percent.
Apart from Otto and the Princess, the admirer of Payne was also present and spoke to her the entire night. As a result, she had no time to pester Joan.
This banquet was conducted relatively smoothly, apart from that minor episode with Saranya.
All appeared to be fine until they were at the entrance of the house and then another incident happened.
George was unable to get to the person he wanted to see and did not leave. He was there waiting for her.
When George spotted the car he saw in the afternoon, he came out of the bushes and ran over to block the car. The headlights blinded him and he could not see the person in the car. However, he was certain that Amanda was inside as he remembered the license plate number.
“Amanda, I need to speak to you.” George yelled as he stretched out both of his hands and made it clear that he would not budge if Amanda did not get out of the car.
Inside the car, Amanda started to frown when she saw who was standing in front of the car.
Joan hesitated and then asked, “Do you want me to clear things up with him?”
Amanda shook her head, “Forget it, I’ll explain to him by myself.”
Joan pursed his lips and remained silent.
Amanda got out of the car and said before closing the door, “Please go back first.”
The driver looked back and drove off only when Joan said so.
After the car drove off, Amanda walked over to George. George frowned as he stared at the car and asked, “Who was that man?”
Amanda did not reply but asked calmly, “Why did you look for me?”
George persisted, “Who the hell is that man?” He came to help Stanford get her back. Now that he saw Amanda with another man, he must find out who this man was, otherwise how could he answer to Stanford?
“These are none of your business. I’m asking you why are you here?” Amanda was calm and cold, “You may leave if it had something to do with Stanford. I have nothing to say to you regarding him. If you’re here for some personal matters, then out with it.”
“Of course I’m here because of my brother. His leg is injured, otherwise, I would not be here to look for you. He is still very concerned about you. I wish that you could give him a chance. He did something wrong but he could change. Please forgive him.”
“If these are what you wanted to say, then you had. Please leave.” Amanda started to walk towards the courtyard. In George’s anxiousness, he rushed forward and grabbed her arm, and said, “Are you that heartless towards my brother?”
Amanda flung off his hand and felt amused by his actions, “We had divorced and have nothing to do with each other.”
“You can remarry even after a divorce.” George felt that they were once a married couple and could get back together.
“Impossible, not in this life!” She was insistent. 
George was in disbelief and asked, “Why?” Before Amanda could answer, he pointed towards the courtyard and asked again, “Because of that man just now? You found someone else so soon?”
In George’s impression, Amanda had always been someone who was deeply in love with Stanford. He found it hard to accept that she was now so determined to have nothing to do with his brother.
“How could you? My brother loves you!” George grabbed Amanda’s arm again and said, “How could you change your heart?”
“Release me!” Amanda tried to shake free.
George persisted for the answer, “Why? Why?”
“It has nothing to do with you regardless of why. Now release me immediately!” Amanda was now frustrated by his harassment.
“I won’t release you before you explain clearly to me.” George stubbornly persisted, “What’s the reason? I don’t believe that you don’t love my brother. I knew that you loved him very much.”
Amanda was so angry that she became calm and then laughed sarcastically, “Yes, once I did love him, otherwise I would not get married to him. Then I wish to ask you how much do you know about what he did to me?”
George was stumped.
“Do you know that I nearly died?” She asked.
George replied, “I know. The fire was covered in the news and it was reported that you died in the fire. But now you are alive and I’m pleasantly surprised.”
“Very well, then I’ll ask you again. Do you know why we had a divorce?”
George shook his head.
“It was Stanford who wanted it,” Amanda said.
George was speechless.
“Did he love me? He got close to me, married me, all because of revenge. He made use of my feelings and my love for him. In the end, do you know that I almost died because of him? I was pregnant when he wanted the divorce. He did not give me a chance. Do you know how determined he was? George, I don’t know why your relationship with him had improved so suddenly for you to come so far to persuade me for reconciliation. I just want to ask you if you had been used and lied to, would you forgive that person?”
George was quiet. He did not know a good portion of what Amanda said. He thought that Stanford had married her out of love. He also thought that their relationship had soured which led to the divorce. He did not expect things to be so complicated. It was totally unexpected.
He needed some time to think about what he would do if something like this happened to him. But then, he snapped back to his senses and remembered what he was there for.
“My brother definitely regrets now,” George said.
#####Chapter 979 Don’t Be Agitated
Amanda scoffed and said, “Regret? What use is his regret if I had died?”
George was stumped by all her questions and stammered, “But… but, you both were once in love…”
Amanda felt that it was ridiculously amusing. Had she not said enough? 
“George, are you a fool, or are you trying to act like a fool to me? Yes, I once loved him but he used me for his schemes. Now I no longer have any feelings towards him. That’s why from then on there is no longer love between us.” She had to suppress her anger to get these words out.
George understood what Amanda meant. However, he came to attempt to convince Amanda to reconcile with his brother. Hence he had to use another point of view. No one would forgive Stanford if things were considered from Amanda’s angle.
The only option was to say that Stanford made a mistake and now he regretted his mistake and was willing to change. Everyone deserved a second chance.
“Please give my brother another chance. He’s injured and misses you. Can you go and see him?” George pleaded.
Amanda sternly refused, “Impossible! Go away!”
“Can’t you visit him on the count of me coming all this way to look for you?” George pleaded again. There would still be a chance for Stanford if she was willing to visit him.
“Please leave.” Amanda turned to walk towards the courtyard.
George became agitated and said, “What will it take for you to give my brother a chance?”
“All his regrets cannot take away my pain and bring back my child! Why should I forgive him? And you’d better leave now or I will scream for help!” Amanda was at the limit of her tolerance. There was no need for any more explanations.
Joan was standing nearby observing their interaction. He did not intend to eavesdrop on Amanda’s personal affairs. He was just worried that she would be hurt. He walked over when he saw George grabbing her arm.
Joan spoke sternly to George, “Please leave immediately.”
George looked at Joan, sized him up, and then asked, “Who are you? How are you involved with my sister-in-law?”
He became agitated and pointed to Amanda while saying to Joan, “Let me tell you, she’s my brother’s woman. You’d better stay away from her or I will come for you!”
Joan was stunned. All along he thought that George was Amanda’s ex-husband. When he heard George say that she was his sister-in-law, he finally understood.
He was secretly relieved as he was worried that Amanda’s ex-husband would pester her and even more worried that she would agree to a reconciliation. Thank goodness this was not the case.
He softly said to Amanda, “Go ahead into the house. I will settle this.”
Amanda looked at George and said definitively, “There is no longer anything between Stanford and me. Please leave.” After saying this, she thanked Joan and walked into the house.
George panicked, “Amanda…”
“Please leave now or I will summon my men.” Joan interrupted and blocked George from taking another step closer to the house.
“Don’t think that I don’t know why you interrupted me. You like my sister-in-law?” He asked but he was certain of it and continued, “Otherwise you would not stop me.”
“Ms. Nelson is single. Is there anything wrong for me to pursue her?” Joan asked.
“You…” George was furious, “Don’t you dare!” Amanda was his brother’s woman and no one could touch her.
“I warn you. You’d better look elsewhere.” George warned.
Joan was very calm but what he said was very authoritative, “Let me advise you to behave yourself or I will make sure that your trip over will be a one-way trip.”
George was speechless. Suddenly he realized that Joan meant what he said.
Joan walked up the steps and saw Amanda standing at the top of the stairs. George spoke so loudly just now, surely she had heard him!
“Don’t take what he said seriously.” Joan said to test her.
Amanda calmly replied, “What he said was right.”
That relationship had ended because what she experienced demanded that she give up the relationship. She could not forget it all because it did happen to her.
She looked at Joan and said, “I had already booked my air ticket. I had helped you and I am very glad to be able to know you… and Nina.” Nina had gone to bed at this hour. 
Joan’s heart sank when he heard that she wanted to leave. He involuntarily clenched his fists.
“You’ve already decided?” He wanted to hide his unease but what he said betrayed his feelings. Of course, she had since she already bought the tickets.
Amanda smiled, “Yes, thanks for your hospitality over these few days.”
Joan pursed his lips and wanted to speak but did not know what to say. He had no reasons to make her stay.
"What time is your flight. I'll send you off." Joan said.
"Four o’clock in the afternoon.” She said and then she remembered, “Oh, this is for you…” She removed the necklace around her neck.
“This…” Joan stammered, “I want you to have it.”
Amanda removed it, “This is too expensive. I can’t accept it without any reasons.”
She turned to enter the house to replace the necklace in its case.
George remained outside and became even more flustered. His sister-in-law was about to be snatched by another man. He needed to inform Stanford so that he can think of something.
It was already late in the night. Stanford woke up after a bad dream and could not fall asleep thereafter. George called and Stanford saw his cell phone blinking and ringing away but he was calm and had no intention of answering it.
On the other end, George was panicking and repeatedly called Stanford. Stanford was frustrated by the endless calls and finally answered.
“Were you asleep?” George thought that he just woke up. He knew that it was already late in the night.
“What’s up?” Stanford calmly asked.
“Listen, but don’t be agitated.”
#####Chapter 980 Real or Not
Stanford frowned but did not say a word. He was waiting for George to elaborate.
George was choosing his words carefully. Just as Stanford was running out of patience, George finally said, “Bro, I’m in Thailand.”
“What are you doing there for?” Stanford realized something and continued, “Who made you go over?”
“I’m trying to help you. I went to look for Amanda.” George sat pathetically under a streetlamp.
Stanford started to grip the cellphone tightly and started to become anxious while waiting for him to update him on Amanda’s situation.
“She met a man in Thailand with some significant social status. They went out tonight and Amanda was dressed up beautifully. I feel that they are …” He hesitated and continued, “They could be socializing.”
Stanford narrowed his eyes and pondered wasn’t Nina with her? Since when did she have a Thai man?
“If you wish to reconcile with her, you’d better act quickly. Amanda is very determined. It would be difficult if you want to pursue her again.” George raised his head to look at the courtyard and the house was still lit. George then said, “Amanda is staying in that man’s house.”
Stanford’s heart sank and felt as if a vice was clamping down on his chest.
“In my opinion, he is a formidable opponent. You’d better be careful.” George began to unload his thoughts without consideration for Stanford’s feelings, “Additionally, when together with Amanda, they actually look great for… “ 
The call was cut off before he finished. Now he realized that he had misspoken. George wanted to call Stanford to explain himself but the line was busy.
George slapped himself. He should not have said that Joan and Amanda looked great together. He should consider how Stanford felt. Even if he thought that they looked good together, he should only support Stanford. What he just said must have angered Stanford.
George was upset and paced up and down while making calls. It was already very late and he should look for a hotel to stay. Now he managed to call Stanford but it was not answered. Stanford must be angry.
He wanted to call Atwood but realized the time and decided to call him in the morning.
In the house.
Amanda placed the necklace back into its case and returned it to Joan. She already planned to leave tomorrow and she should return the necklace to him now. She did not want to risk losing it or damaging it.
Joan stood by the Koi pond and stared at the fish. He was in a daze and his thoughts started to wander.
Amanda approached him without him noticing and said, “It’s late, aren’t you going to sleep?”
Joan came to his senses and turned to see her. She had already changed her clothes into something casual. Amanda handed the necklace case to him and said, “Here you go, the necklace.”
Joan did not accept it immediately and said, “Actually, I really wanted to …”
“Then…” She interrupted Joan and looked into the pond and asked, “What fish is this?”
Joan did not let her change the topic and said, “This necklace was given to my mother by my grandmother. Before she passed away, she told me to give it to someone I love. I wish to give this necklace to you.”
Amanda’s expression froze. Joan had been very direct and clear in what he meant. Amanda did not know how she should respond.
“Joan…” 
Now Joan interrupted her, “I heard that this was made in the last century by a European craftsman. Now its design is not so fashionable but it witnessed our family’s rise to glory.”
“It’s too precious. I can’t accept it.” She then placed it at the edge of the pond and thanked Joan, “Thank you for your hospitality over these few days.” She turned to leave.
Joan asked, “Can you give me a reason?”
Amanda paused and replied, “I am a woman who had been hurt. It can also be said that I am someone who had experienced life and death. If I did not experience these, I would certainly be moved if a person like you proposed to me. However, now I no longer desire to be in a relationship. I am thankful that you find me worthy of you.” She walked off after saying these.
Joan became felt miserable seeing her walk away. He wanted to say something else but Amanda avoided him by going back to her room and locking her door, not giving him any more chance to communicate with her.
In the morning…
Amanda had already packed her things and received a call from Joshua. 
Joshua asked, “When are you coming back? Your brother is getting married soon.”
Amanda replied, “I’ll arrive tomorrow night if all goes well.”
“You’ve decided on your journey?” Joshua asked again.
“Yes, I wanted to take the morning flight but it was sold out so I bought the afternoon flight. It would be late in the night when I arrive home.”
“Okay, give me a call and I’ll go and pick you up,” Joshua said.
“Okay,” Amanda replied.
“This time there should be no other surprises, right?” Joshua said. He was at the Dragon Square in C city standing in front of a famous dessert shop.
“No,” Amanda replied.
“Okay, I’ll wait for you.”
“Okay.”
After hanging up, he pointed to the dessert display and said, “Strawberry cake, chestnut crisp, and cranberry cookie, one each. Please wrap them up.”
“Okay.” The attendant opened the display cabinet and placed the desserts into a box.
His fiancée had starved herself over these few days so that she would look good for her wedding photos. He knew that she liked the desserts at this shop so he came specially to buy some for her.
While waiting for the desserts to be boxed up, he heard his fiancée’s voice and he walked over in the direction of the voice.
At the waiting area…
Bonnie came to buy some desserts and stood at the display for a while. She would need to take her wedding photos in a few days. She was craving these desserts but she forced herself to resist as she did not want to put on any weight. Just as she was hesitating, she met two of her college friends.
They sat down to catch up and one of them noticed the ring on her finger and asked, “Are you married?”
Bonnie placed the glass of water down and tried to cover up the ring, “Soon.”
Tiffany Young who loved to compare saw her behavior and guessed that the ring must be a fake. She joked sarcastically, “Wow, that’s a big rock. Is it real or not?” On saying this, she stretched out her hand and said, “Mine cost tens of thousands of dollars and was given to me by my boyfriend. If yours is real, then it should easily cost hundreds of thousands.”
Bonnie had always been someone who did not like to show off. In college, her grades were very good and she was very beautiful. Thus, she had many admirers and the other girls were envious and jealous of her.
Bonnie never told her friends about her parents and everyone thought that she was just a girl from an ordinary family.
Tiffany then intentionally said, “Let me have a look. I can tell if it’s real or a fake.”
#####Chapter 981 He’s So Young
Bonnie covered the ring on her finger. She evaded it deliberately just now because she didn’t want Tiffany to see it.
She had known Tiffany’s competitive nature when she was at school, which was why she put her hand under the table.
Her hesitation became a sign of weakness in Tiffany’s eyes. The more reluctant she was, the more confident she was that the ring was a fake.
“Show it to me. Who’s your boyfriend? Is he getting a hundred dollars of high imitation to cajole you? We’re all classmates and I’m doing it for your own good.”
Tiffany stretched out her hand, not resting until she gave it a look.
Bonnie stretched out her hand helplessly.
It was a diamond-shaped white diamond with the highest level of brilliance, and it was enormous.
It was much larger than the one on Tiffany’s hand, and it looked brighter than hers too.
“Who’s your boyfriend? Giving you a fake ring?” Tiffany determined that it was fake, “I’m telling you, my boyfriend is a department manager at JK Group, and he’s in contact with all the upper-class people.”
She looked at the diamond ring on her hand, “Look, this ring cost him a month’s salary.”
She was just bragging about her boyfriend’s several million annual salaries.
“He also said he had a business dinner with the president of JK Group tonight. By the way, Bonnie, what does your fiancé do?”
“He’s…”
“I have to say, you hide quite well. We don’t even know you have a boyfriend and now you are getting married. Why didn’t you choose a good one to marry? Marriage is a lifetime event. You will lose out if you meet a liar, isn’t it? As the saying goes, marriage is a second life for a woman. You couldn’t choose for your first life, but you can choose for your own marriage. You marry a person who gives you a fake wedding ring. Your future is so worrying.”
Bonnie pursed her lips, “I have been arranged for marriage with him since childhood…”
“Whoa, this is a new era now. Were you born in ancient times for still having that kind of arrangement?” Tiffany scoffed.
“That’s right. There’s no such thing nowadays.” Another classmate, who had always been good with Tiffany, was naturally on her side too. She started to help out after Tiffany had talked so much.
Bonnie didn’t explain, “I still have things to do. I’ll leave now.”
Tiffany pulled her back, “Why leaving so soon? We’re old classmates, let’s have some chats. By the way, the desserts here are delicious but expensive. If you want to eat anything, I’ll treat you.”
“Bonnie.” Joshua walked in.
He couldn’t bear it anymore.
He thought to himself, ‘Where on earth is this woman from? Is this how she talks to people?’
Furthermore, his fiancée was only to be bullied by him but not others!
Bonnie stood up, “Why are you here?”
Joshua took her into his arms, “To buy some things.”
After that, he looked at Tiffany, “What’s your boyfriend’s name?”
Tiffany smiled, “Hamilton Dunn.”
He knew the company’s senior staff very well, “We don’t have this person in our company.”
He was telling the truth.
“You’d better check if he’s lying to you.” He said as he pulled out a business card and placed it on the table, “This is my business card. And this.”
He clasped Amanda into his arms, “My fiancée, JK Group’s future boss’s wife.”
After saying that, he walked out with his arm around Bonnie, passing by the counter, and the waiter handed over the wrapped cake, “Your cake.”
Joshua reached out and took it over.
“You bought this?” Bonnie asked him as she looked up.
“Yes.” Joshua smiled, “Don’t you like the desserts here?”
Bonnie nodded, “Yes, I do.”
“I saw that you ate too little recently, so I came to buy it specially for you.”
Walking out of the dessert shop, Joshua pulled open the car door for her.
Inside the dessert shop, Tiffany opened her mouth wide in surprise when she saw a limited blue edition Lamborghini parked by the roadside through the glass window.
The classmate next to her picked up the business card and read the name on it, “Joshua Lennon.”
Looking again at the luxury car he was driving, she said to Tiffany, “It seems he’s not lying. He’s really the boss of JK Group.”
She gulped, “But he’s so young.”
#####Chapter 982 What’s True
Tiffany didn’t say a word, staring at the luxury car outside that was about to disappear from view with her eyes wide open.
The classmate next to her continued, “Do you think she holds a grudge?”
Tiffany said, “It’s just a misunderstanding. What does she have to hold a grudge against? Besides, I didn’t break the law. What can she do to me?”
Inside the car.
“How did you get those friends?” Joshua frowned slightly.
Bonnie said, “I don’t know them well. I met them by chance just now.”
She turned her head to look over, “Are you angry?”
“What do I have to be angry about?” Joshua said deliberately, “My sister will come over tonight. How about you go with me to pick her up?”
Bonnie nodded, “Okay.”
She knew all about Amanda from the conversation between Joshua and the elders.
She didn’t ask much.
“Here you go.” Joshua put the cake he bought into her arms, “Have some.”
Bonnie looked at the cake in the box and asked, “What if I turn fat after eating it?”
“It’s alright. It’s comfortable to hug if you turn chubby.” Joshua chuckled.
“Stop it.” Bonnie lowered her eyes, smiling inside, yet she pretended to be angry on the surface.
Soon the car stopped.
They were at their newly purchased house. The custom-made furniture had arrived and needed Bonnie to see how they should be placed.
Bonnie was still holding the unfinished cake after getting out of the car. She had eaten three pieces but just left the last bite, and she really couldn’t eat it anymore. She walked to Joshua, “Open your mouth.”
Joshua was stunned.
“What for?”
“Open your mouth,” Bonnie said petulantly.
Joshua alertly and slowly opened his mouth. She then grabbed the chance and quickly shoved the piece of cake in her hand into his mouth while saying, “I really can’t eat anymore. You eat it for me.”
Joshua looked at her, swallowed the cake and then stretched out his arms to take her into his arms, “You sneaky.”
Bonnie pushed him, “Can you be a bit normal when we’re at the outside?”
“Hey, isn’t it the time for you to run after me?” Joshua trolled her intentionally.
Before he came to City C and Boyce was not promoted and transferred away from other cities, they used to be at the same primary school. Bonnie would always follow him no matter where he went.
Later, when he came to City C, the two of them separated.
However, they still had feelings for each other.
Joshua had always doted on her like his real sister.
He didn’t know if he was in love with her or just taking her as his family. But anyway, he didn’t repulse it, and he liked the feeling of spending time with her.
Bonnie shyly pushed him away and ran inside. She had many embarrassing stories when she was a child. When she heard that she was arranged marriage with him since she was a child, she was naive and always said, “I want to be your bride when I grow up.” Now that she had grown up, she felt shy when Joshua mentioned her past, remembering what she had said as a child. 
Joshua ran in after her.
Inside the house, Theresa was instructing the workers to arrange the furniture. When she saw Bonnie come in, she said with a smile, “You’re just in time. How do you think?”
After Joshua had come to City C, Theresa and Armand had always taken care of him and they had an excellent relationship.
Now that he was getting married, Theresa and Armand were even busier and more attentive than his own parents.
They had come over early in the morning to help set up the new room with the new furniture.
Bonnie smiled, “It looks great.”
Theresa sighed. Her appearance didn’t change much, but there were wrinkles on her face. Even if she hadn’t had any children, her figure had also significantly changed. Plus, after Armand’s grandma died, Armand took good care of her too. She lived a comfortable life and looked in good shape, “Time flies and you’re all getting married soon.”
“You have said this many times.” Joshua walked over and put his arm around her shoulders, “Afraid that you’re getting old? Don’t worry, Mr. Bernie is all over you, and he won’t abandon you when he’s old.”
“Nonsense.” Theresa turned around and glared at him.
Joshua laughed, “I was wrong, don’t be mad. It will make you look old.”
Theresa raised her hand just to hit him, but he ran away first, “Mind your image. The way you hit and glare someone is not elegant.”
Joshua was cheerful and lively. Although he had left his parents early, he had grown up in the care of everyone. Theresa and Armand had no children, and they had treated him as their own child. He was also Boyce’s son-in-law. So they were good to him from the bottom of their hearts.
Boyce had also taught him a lot, and he was able to stand on his own at such young age.
“When will you be mature? You’re about to get married though.” Theresa placed the cushions on the sofa and shook her head, looking at him helplessly. Suddenly she thought of something and looked up and Joshua, saying earnestly, “When is Amanda coming?”
She sighed again as she said, “Your mom is not in good health and she is still angry with your dad because of her matter. Since you’re getting married, she can come back now. Everything could be done was done and the matter was over too but she still didn’t come back. It’s so worrying.”
Speaking of Amanda, Joshua also restrained his feelings, “I’ll pick her up at the airport tonight.”
“Really? She’s finally coming back to face us?” Theresa asked excitedly.
“It’s true.”
“What’s true?” Armand was on the first floor with gloves on his hands, as if he was moving something. He stepped down the stairs as he took them off.
#####Chapter 983 She Was Not Alone
“I’m asking you guys. Why aren’t you talking?” Armand put the gloves he took off onto the table.
Theresa walked over and whispered, “Amanda is coming back.”
Armand froze for a moment, then said, “That’s good. She comes back proves that she is willing to face us. All the unhappy things have finally been over,”
Theresa patted Armand on the dust that had fallen onto his clothes when he was moving things just now and whispered to him, “Joshua and Bonnie are here. They can now take over and instruct the workers. Let’s go back.”
She had her own ideas. On the one hand, she didn’t want to disturb the two in setting up their new room, and on the other, she wanted to go back and tell Matthew and Dolores that Amanda was coming back.
Armand didn’t understand and said, “Joshua is getting married. His own parents are not caring for him, then we should care for him, isn’t it?”
Theresa was unhappy hearing that, “Did you buy this house? Did you pay for the wedding? How is it that they are not caring about him?”
“What’s the point of just paying it? You have to put your heart into it, isn’t it?” Armand gave Joshua a look, a look like I loved you the most.
Joshua smiled but didn’t say anything.
Theresa ignored Armand and said goodbye to the two children before leaving.
Armand saw that and hurriedly caught up with her, “Wait for me.”
Theresa continued to ignore him.
“Hey, why are you angry with me again? Just go if you want to leave, how come you get angry about that?” Armand spoke nicely to her.
Theresa gave him a stern look with total contempt.
Armand wrapped his arm around her shoulder, “Let’s go and have something to eat before we go back.”
“No,” Theresa said icily.
“Why?” Armand hugged her even tighter. It was indeed funny and heart-warming seeing Armand still looked like this at this age.
He was indeed a good husband, too, to put aside his pride and please his wife.
“I’m not hungry.”
“Then you can company me to eat some.”
“You go on your own.”
“Forget it. I won’t eat either.” Armand pitifully opened the car door and let her go in first.
Theresa sat in the car, “I’ll make it for you when we get back.”
A smile immediately appeared on Armand’s face as he ran to the front and got into the driver’s seat.
The car soon came to a halt.
This was the house they bought after Armand’s grandma had passed away. It was far from the city, but it was quiet and big too, with a dozen rooms upstairs and downstairs and a big yard.
When they bought it, they chose this big house, considering that Joshua was here and they were afraid of not having enough place to live when they all came over together.
Now that Armand didn’t run the company anymore and it was wholly passed over to Joshua to manage it, he had been idle and usually followed Theresa around. The clothing shop was Theresa’s business, and she had been running it for a long time, and it was doing quite well. Armand was now her chauffeur and bodyguard, following her all the time. 
When Theresa got out of the car and headed for the house, she told the man beside her, “Go wash some vegetables and I’ll cook you noodles.”
After saying that, she went towards Dolores’s room.
Armand stood in the living room and asked, “Aren’t you the one cooking for me? Why do I still have to wash the vegetables?”
“Then you do it yourself.” Theresa replied to him.
Armand was speechless.
He might as well not have asked.
Knock, knock.
Theresa knocked on the door when she reached the door.
She knocked again, seeing that no one opened, but still no response.
‘What’s going on?’
Theresa twisted the handle to push open the door, but there was no one inside at all. Armand then ran over, “By the way, I forgot to tell you. They said they had to go out today and they wouldn’t be home.”
“Why didn’t you say earlier?” Theresa closed the door behind her and walked over. Armand looked at her with a pitiful look, “I had forgotten it, didn’t I?”
Theresa headed to the kitchen and asked, “Did they say going anywhere or doing what?”
“They seem to have gone to visit Jessica and Kevin. Kevin’s not in good shape, and the doctor said that he would only make it until year-end.” Armand followed into the kitchen, took the vegetables out of the fridge and put them in the washing sink, “All of us have to go through this when we get old.”
Theresa leaned against the edge of the counter and looked at him, “What are you lamenting about again?”
“I’m telling the truth.” Armand looked up, “Do you think that Kevin would have survived this long if he hadn’t been with Jessica and taken care of by her?”
“What do you mean? Didn’t Kevin take care of Jessica too? They were supporting each other.”
“Hey, I didn’t say anything either.” Armand smiled, “Can we also live to be ninety like them?”
“You can live to be a hundred.” Theresa lifted the pot lid, and the water inside was boiling. She took out the noodles and put them into the water.
“I live as long as you live.” Armand put the washed vegetables into the basket.
“Why do you still look like this?” He was like this when he was young and still like this now.
It hadn’t changed at all.
Armand didn’t care about it.
Joshua and Bonnie went to the airport for pick-up. Bonnie asked on the way, “Your sister is back. Will your brother come back?”
“I didn’t get in touch with him,” Joshua said.
Of course, he was hoping that everyone could come back and take the opportunity to have a reunion.
However, he understood that the nature of Andrew’s work was extraordinary.
Bonnie nodded, “He just looks like your dad.”
Joshua turned his head to look at her, “You mean I don’t look like my dad?”
“You’ve stayed with Mr. Bernie for a long time, and your nature is quite similar to his,” Bonnie commented.
Joshua didn’t say anything. He was indeed the more cheerful type in nature.
When they arrived at the airport, it wasn’t the time yet, so they went to the waiting room to sit and wait.
They both went to the exit when they heard the information about the landing flight.
There were many people at the exit. Joshua was tall enough to scan the crowd, and finally, he saw it.
And yet.
He saw that she was not alone.
#####Chapter 984 I Don’t Mind Even If You’ve Married
A man was accompanying her.
He had seen this man before, living in a mansion not far from his parents.
He was so puzzled at the moment.
‘Why would they be together?’
“Did you find her?” Bonnie was still looking around, tugging at his sleeve with her hand.
Joshua narrowed his eyes, “Yes.”
“Where…” Before she could finish her words, she saw two people coming this way. She and Joshua had previously gone to Thailand to see Dolores and Matthew and seemingly had seen the man beside Amanda.
“Isn’t than man your parents’ neighbour in Thailand? How come he’s with your sister?” Bonnie frowned slightly and guessed, “Could it be that your sister and him…”
“Impossible!” Joshua interrupted Bonnie before she could finish her words.
After all, Amanda was hurt in a relationship, and how could she start a new relationship so soon?
Bonnie looked up at him. She didn’t mean anything else but just said out what she thought of it.
Joshua looked at her. He didn’t mean to be mean to her either. He just didn’t like this speculation of hers, “I didn’t mean it.”
“I know.” Bonnie held his arm.
When Amanda saw them, she paused for a moment before walking over quickly, “Jos, Bonnie.”
Initially, Joshua wanted to hug her, but he froze in place when she called him.
Bonnie walked over to hug her and said, “You’ve finally come back.”
Amanda’s eyes turned red suddenly, sniffling and controlling her feelings, “You are my family, of course, I have to come back.”
“We missed you and we're worried about you, We’re all happy to see you well now.”
“Well, this is not the place to talk.” Joshua interrupted them, casting his eyes on Joan who was holding the luggage, “Sis, aren’t you going to introduce him to us?”
He knew Joan. However, he wanted to see why Joan was with Amanda at the moment.
It dawned on Amanda that Joan had come along with her too.
Amanda didn’t hide from him and said, “Stanford went over there to look for me. So I asked Joan to pretend my boyfriend for a while to get rid of his pestering. And we came back here together to convince him.”
“Oh.” Joshua smiled and greeted Joan, “Welcome back.”
Joan nodded, “I heard you’re getting married. Congratulations.”
“Let’s go then.” Joshua took the suitcase from Joan, “I’ll take it.”
Joan gave it to him.
In the car, Joshua asked Bonnie to book a hotel for Joan.
Hearing this, Joan said, “No need. I’ve already booked it.”
“You’ve helped my sister and so you’re my friend and my guest too. We should be the ones to entertain you. I’ll treat you to dinner tomorrow then.” Joshua said.
“Your sister and I are friends. No problem.”
“We still have to show you our appreciation,” Amanda said. Joshua looked at Amanda through the rear-view mirror, raising the corner of his lips.
He knew what Amanda was thinking from the way she treated Joan.
Bonnie turned her head to look at him. It seemed that he couldn’t accept Amanda having a new relationship.
But Amanda was still so young, and she would still need a man around her. She couldn’t just be single for the rest of her life.
She couldn’t understand Joshua.
However, it was not good to say anything now.
Joan was expressionless. He could see that Joshua seemed excluding him to be with Amanda.
“Which hotel did you book?” Joshua asked.
Joan said the hotel’s name.
Joshua nodded and headed in that direction.
They didn’t talk much along the way. After about twenty minutes, the car stopped at the entrance of the hotel. Amanda also followed and got out, “Wait for me. I’ll drop off Joan.”
Joshua nodded.
Joan didn’t let Amanda send him off, “It’s late and you should go home early to rest.”
“I’ll walk you up.” Amanda insisted.
She felt that Joan had come all the way here because of her, so she should give him a lift.
Joan looked at her for a moment in silence and turned around to head to the hotel.
Amanda walked up to him, “Thank you for relieving me.”
Joan pursed his lips. She had thanked him many times before.
Joan reported his information when they got to the front desk. After the registration, the receptionist handed over the key card, and Joan took it over.
The two got on the lift.
They walked to the room when they reached their floor.
Amanda didn’t go forward and said to him, “I’ll go then.”
Joan paused in opening the door and turned around to look at her, “I can see that your ex-husband still seems to have feelings for you. Will you forgive him?”
“No.”
“You don’t love him anymore?”
“Yes.”
“I think he’ll come back to you later. He might have come with us this time if I hadn’t had to do this.”
He had gotten someone from the airline to deliberately not sell tickets to Stanford. And he also used his powers to get the local police to stop him for whatever reasons.
This was why Stanford couldn’t come back with them. However, it could only slow him down for a while, and he would still come back for Amanda.
“I think you should start a new relationship to make him let go completely. I don’t mind if you’ve been married…”
#####Chapter 985 Tasted the Bitter Fruit
“I mind.” Amanda interrupted him and apologized again for her rudeness in interrupting him, “I’m sorry. I…”
“No need to explain. I understand.” Joan didn’t want her to embarrass herself and said, “I am willing to be your shield for the time being.”
After saying that and not giving Amanda any time to refuse, he turned around and went into the room, leaving her standing alone there.
She lowered her eyes and still didn’t knock on the door at last. She then walked over to the lift and went down. Outside the hotel, since Bonnie and Joshua were inside the car only, she then said, “I think Joan is quite good. Your dad has also praised him.”
Suddenly, Joshua turned around and narrowed his eyes, “What do you mean?”
‘Why saying this?’
“I think that Amanda is still young…”
Joshua widened his eyes, and his face turned gloomy. Bonnie realized that he was angry and hurriedly shut her mouth. She looked out of the window to avoid his sight.
“Bonnie.” Joshua calmed himself down before speaking, “Don’t say that again.”
He reached out to take Bonnie into his arms and clasped her shoulders tight, with his palms rubbing back and forth on her shoulder, pondering for a moment before speaking, “Besides myself, I can’t guarantee that other men can do the same as me for not hurting you. Amanda had been hurt before for not knowing each other’s personalities in depth. I would rather she be single and I’ll just raise her when she gets old.”
Bonnie knew that he was concerned about Amanda.
“I misspoke just now.”
“No, I know you said that for the good of Amanda too, right?” He lowered his head.
Bonnie raised her head to meet his gaze, “Of course, she is your sister, and I wish her well too. You’re right, it’s hard to guarantee someone to have a good personality without knowing his temperament in depth. I agree with what you said.”
Joshua cupped her cheek, “Bonnie, you’re so sweet.”
“It hurts.” Bonnie pouted in his arms, pushing back against his hands petulantly. Joshua leaned over and pressed his lips to her cheek that had just been pinched red by him, asking in a low voice, “Does it still hurt?”
Bonnie huddled up, “We’re outside.”
“It’s okay.”
The two were so mushy that they didn’t notice Amanda had already walked over.
The car window glass was plastered with black film, and so the outside couldn’t see the inside of the car at all. Amanda didn’t know they were having fun, opening the door only to see the two were hugging each other. She quickly closed the car door and turned her back, “You guys continue. I didn’t see anything.”
Bonnie blushed, feeling shy and embarrassed. She pushed Joshua hard and whispered, “It’s all your fault.”
Joshua laughed, “It’s okay. Amanda won’t laugh at you.”
Bonnie felt even more embarrassed after he said that. She frowned, “You’re really nasty.”
“Then why do you still marry me?” After saying that, he shouted towards the car window, “Amanda, get in. It’s getting late and we should go back.”
Bonnie glared at him angrily.
Amanda opened the car door and got in, patting Joshua’s shoulder, “Don’t bully Bonnie.”
Joshua feigned an angry look and looked back at her, emphasizing, “I’m your brother, having the same bloodline as you. How can you treat me like this? You’re so ruthless.”
Amanda said, “Although you are my brother, I stand for Bonnie unconditionally. You can’t bully her, but she can bully you.”
Joshua was speechless.
Bonnie smiled and turned to Amanda, saying petulantly, “You’re the best to me.”
She reached out for a hug. Amanda then hugged her helplessly and warmly, “Jos will be in your care from now on.”
Joshua was speechless.
He knew she was just caring for him, but calling him that way made him sick.
“Amanda, I’ve grown up. Can you don’t call me that?” Joshua protested.
“But I’m used to it. You’ve been called that since you were a kid. Moreover, I’m not the only one who calls you that, everyone does.”
“But everyone has changed it a long time ago, and you’re the only one who still calls me that.”
“I’ll try not to call you that, okay?”
“That’s more like it.”
The atmosphere was relaxed, with them joking and laughing. However, the closer they got to their place, the more nervous Amanda looked.
Her hands were clenched together helplessly.
It had been a year that everyone had gone along with her, considered her feelings, and cared for her secretly. They didn’t dare to appear in front of her, making her feel uncomfortable.
She had tasted the bitter fruits of her caprice back then.
She regretted it.
She had hurt her parents and also let those who cared for her worry. 
It was all because of her stubbornness back then.
Since young, she was the apple of her father’s eye, doting on her and satisfying her with almost anything she wanted, even her marriage compromised in her stubbornness.
Thinking about it, it was all of her own makings.
Now that she had to face them, she felt ashamed to see them.
Inside the vehicle fell silent for a moment, and the relaxed atmosphere was gone.
Amanda asked, “Are Mum and Dad here?”
“Well, they went to see grandma and granduncle during the day. Mum doesn’t look too good, as if granduncle’s illness had gotten her down.”
#####Chapter 986 Empathize
Bonnie took Amanda's arm, “Amanda, let's go in.”
Joshua was taking the luggage behind them.
Amanda nodded, “Let's go.”
They walked into the house and turned on the lights in the living room. The room instantly brightened with a click sound.
Amanda said, “You guys go to bed. I'll go check on mom and dad.”
She knew that Dolores and Matthew must still be awake this night.
Joshua said, “Alright.”
He put the luggage into Amanda's room, then went to the second floor with Bonnie.
Bonnie was worried about Amanda, “Could Amanda...”
“She can handle it, don't worry,” Joshua told her to go back to her room and sleep.
She stood at the door of her room and said, “Watch out for the movement downstairs.”
Joshua's room was the one that was more inside. Although the two were about to get married, they only kissed and did not have any intimate relations.
Joshua thought that it was irresponsible behaviour to have premarital sex with Bonnie.
While Bonnie thought that a woman was not reserved if she had an intimate relationship with a man before marriage. Even if everyone had recognized their relationship, and the two had adored each other, they were always in with a tacit understanding not to contact intimately.
That was why the two slept in separate rooms and did not live together even though they were about to get married.
Joshua said, “Okay, you go to bed hurriedly.”
Bonnie nodded and went into her room.
Joshua sighed after Bonnie closed the door, and he took a glance at the downstairs. He did not interfere with Amanda and went back to his room.
At downstairs, Amanda stood in the same place for a while and adjusted her emotions. It was the first time that she did not meet her parents for a year. Although she knew their current situation from Joshua and saw the photos of their lives, she still overcame with emotion within herself.
No matter how old she was, she was still a kid in the eyes of her parents.
At this moment, she also had the timid emotion of not daring to face her elders because she did something wrong.
However, she knew that she had been wayward once, and she could not be wayward again to make her parents worried about her.
She screwed up her courage and walked toward her parents' room.
When she reached the door, she took a deep breath before raising her hand and knocking on the door.
However, nobody opened the door.
She said in a low voice, “Dad, mom, I'm back.”
In the room diagonally opposite, Armand and Theresa were still awake. Armand sat up in bed instantly when he heard Amanda's voice that he was always thinking of.
Theresa was relatively calm compared to Armand, but it was only on the surface. Her heart tightened when she heard Amanda's voice.
Theresa had watched Amanda grow to womanhood and treated her as her child. Amanda had been through a trial of death this time. Everyone was worried about her and felt heartache to see that. Amanda returned completely unscathed, but Theresa knew it was only on the surface. Amanda had a broken heart now.
Theresa had suffered similar hurt and had been through a trial of death when she was young, so she understood how Amanda felt at this moment.
The more the person experienced personally, the more heartache the person could feel. Theresa could empathize with Amanda's suffers.
The tears came into her eyes unconsciously.
Armand poured her a glass of water and asked in a soft voice, “What's wrong?”
She took the glass of water from him and shook her head, “Nothing.”
Armand held her hand, “It's all in the past.”
He knew that Theresa might have thought of the past again.
Theresa had suffered a lot in the past.
Theresa became infertile and could never be a mother because of him. It was his lifetime of regret. He envied Boyce and Matthew when he saw them had their own children, and he felt only envious.
Armand felt blessed when Theresa could forgive him and gave him a chance to have the same today and forever with Theresa. Armand cherished the present, and he more cherished having such a peaceful life with Theresa.
When Elizabeth was alive, she passed in and out of sober, and sometimes she would make a scene.
Theresa had tolerated with her for the sake of Armand. Armand and Theresa just had a few years of peaceful life after Elizabeth passed away.
Theresa suddenly raised her head, “Have you ever been angry with me?”
She gave Armand the long face many times because of past affairs. She even accused him and snubbed him.
Armand understood her feelings, so he had no dissatisfaction about it.
“Lie down,” Armand patted her on the shoulder.
Theresa sighed, “Finally, everything is over.”
Amanda was willing to go back home and face them, proving that she had let go of the past, which was a good thing.
Amanda was outside of the room and knocked on the door twice, but nobody responded to her. She raised her hand to hold and twist the door handle and opened the door.
#####Chapter 987 Don’t Go
The room was dark, and there was a back figure behind the door. Amanda could see the face of the dark figure with the light of the living room diffused into the room.
She tightened her hand that was holding the door handle. She thought she was tough enough to face her parents calmly. However, when she really saw them, the emotions involuntarily welled up in her heart. She sobbed, “Dad.”
Matthew did not want to blame her for anything. Amanda would be mature and grow up after she had this experience.
“Dad, I was wrong,” Amanda hurled herself into Matthew's arms. She did not want to cry in front of her parents at first, but she could not control her emotions.
She could not control herself. Memories of her sadness and bitterness this year came flooding back like a movie replayed in her mind. It was so clear and profound.
Matthew patted her on the back and said in a low voice, “It's my bad.”
The biggest mistake of his life was trusting Stanford. He was confident that Amanda's outstanding would make Stanford fall in love with her. However, he had made such a big mistake.
“No, it was my own choice,” Amanda wiped her face.
She could not blame anyone. She was willing to admit her mistakes and also to bear the consequences. Moreover, she did not want her parents to blame themselves.
Matthew raised his hand to wipe the tears left in the corners of her eyes. He was grateful within himself that Amanda was alright.
Dolores sat on the side of the bed and faced the window while her back to the door. She was in ordinary cloth instead of pyjamas, so did Matthew. It seemed that they did not sleep at all and had been waiting for her.
Matthew and Dolores did not open the door immediately after hearing the knock on the door because they blamed themselves for not protecting Amanda well. They hesitated to open the door because they did not dare to face Amanda and were afraid they could not control their emotions when they saw Amanda.
Amanda looked at the figure sitting on the side of the bed that was concealed in the darkness. Although she could not see it clearly, she could vaguely see Dolores's slightly trembled shoulder.
Amanda went over, stood at the side of the bed, and sobbed, “Mom.”
Dolores did not respond to her because others would know she was crying if she opened her mouth.
Dolores felt heartache because her daughter had suffered so much.
However, she did not want Amanda to know how she felt at this moment.
Amanda wound her arms around Dolores and wanted to say sorry to her, but she did not say it out because it was useless to say something at this moment.
They embraced each other, warmed each other, and cried out loud together. It was the only way they could vent out the sadness and bitterness.
Upstairs, Bonnie did not sleep and thought that nobody could fall asleep tonight. She got up from the bed and opened the door of Joshua's bedroom.
The light of his room did not light up. However, the curtain had not drawn, and the light from the streetlamp diffused into the room. It made the room a little brightening.
She held a pillow and stood at the door, “I can't fall asleep.”
Joshua also did not sleep. He noticed the movement at the door. He saw her with the help of the light, “You can count sheep to sleep.”
“I can't sleep even if I counted sheep,” Bonnie showed coquetry.
Joshua moved a little over inside and left the half of the bed empty to give way to Bonnie, “Come here, I'll put you to sleep.”
Bonnie ran over to the bed with her pillow, lifted the covers, got in the bed. She did not want the pillow anymore and directly threw it to the foot of the bed. Joshua's arm pillowed Bonnie.
Joshua patted her on the back, “Sleep, baby, sleep...”
Bonnie covered his mouth, “I'm not a baby, but you are. I still want to call you Jos today.”
Bonnie thought that it was indeed funny that she still called him Jos when he had grown up.
She laughed out loud at the thought.
It had touched a sore spot of Joshua and said sternly, “Don't call me that.”
“You're being called Jos since you were a kid. Everyone also called you...”
Bonnie did not finish her words, but Joshua covered her mouth like she covered his. However, Bonnie used her hand to cover his mouth, while Joshua used his lips to cover hers.
Soon the two kissed passionately together and embraced each other.
Joshua and Bonnie were about the same age, and they were young. They kissed so passionately and naturally would have a desire to have sex with one another. The two put out the flames of passion in time and let go of each other.
Both of them were lying on the bed.
They breathed deeply.
After a while, both of them calmed down. Joshua looked at the ceiling and said, “You came into my room at midnight. Don't you afraid that I can't control myself?”
“I trust you,” Bonnie said with great certainty.
Joshua could not help but smile, “I don't trust myself.”
“But I trust you,” Bonnie turned her side and put her arms around him, “Do you think Amanda will cry when she sees dad and mom?”
“I don't know,” Joshua patted her, “It's late now, let's sleep.”
“I don't know what's wrong today. I don't feel sleepy,” Bonnie looked at him, “Are you sleepy?”
Joshua said, “I can't sleep as well.”
Tonight was bounded to be a sleepless night.
“Then why do you still ask me to sleep?” Bonnie complained.
Joshua smiled, reached out to stroke her hair, and said, “Aren't you afraid of the elders seeing you go out of my room in the morning?”
Bonnie's parents had educated Bonnie to be virtuous. Bonnie usually would never do anything deviant with the presence of elders.
She was also kind and obedient to elders.
Bonnie sat up from the bed instantly, “I want to see if you're asleep. I'll go back to my room now.”
She just wanted to accompany Joshua, who would have something on his mind tonight. After all, it was Amanda, his elder sister, who had been through an accident. He must have been overwhelmed with emotions and glad that Amanda returned home unscathed. 
Bonnie wanted to be by his side at this time.
She picked up her pillow and was about to leave, but Joshua tugged at the hem of her pyjamas, “Don't go.”
#####Chapter 988 Get Out of The Trouble
Bonnie turned her head and looked at him, “What are you doing?”
Joshua did not say anything, tugged at the hem of her pyjamas, and did not let go of it. He did not say what he wanted, and Bonnie thought he acted like a spoiled child.
Bonnie crouched down and shook her hem, “Stop it.”
“Stay with me for a while,” Joshua raised his head and smiled. He was afraid she did not agree to stay with him, so he tugged at her hem again. He looked like a child who did not grow up.
Bonnie felt helpless and amused and said, “Alright.”
She put down the pillow and laid on the bed again. Joshua put his arms around her and talked to her about his childhood, and then they fell asleep.
When Joshua woke up, he was alone in the room and did not know when Bonnie left.
He got up from the bed, washed up, and went downstairs.
Everybody was already up.
Amanda and Bonnie were in the kitchen to prepare breakfast while Armand was watering flowers on the balcony.
“Where's everyone? Where did they all go?” Joshua asked while walked to downstairs.
Armand turned his head to look at him, “You've got up. Bonnie and Amanda are in the kitchen.”
“I'm asking about my dad and mom.”
“Dolores and Theresa went for a walk. The two should have something to discuss. As for  Matthew, he went out early in the morning, and I'm not sure what's his purpose,” Armand put down the watering can and walked over to him, “When are you going to pick up your parents-in-law?”
Joshua poured a glass of water, sat on the sofa with his legs crossed, “There's still some time for it. I've phone contacted them, and they said they'll come over themselves and don't need us to pick them up. They said I'm just taking the trouble if I do that.”
Armand sat on the sofa and looked at him, “You parents-in-law are very good to you.”
Then he lamented, “It will be better if your brother could also come back home.”
“I've called Noah, and he said it was temporarily unable to contact Andrew, but he always got in contacted with him.”
Noah and Dolores were cousins, so the younger generation called him uncle Noah.
“Hey, you're the only child of the three children who did not make your parents worry,” Armand said.
Amanda had just experienced such a miserable matter while Andrew's job was peculiar and dangerous.
Dolores wanted to pray for the safety of her children, so she set up a shrine in Thailand. She would pray in the morning and evening.
If people believed, God was there. Otherwise, God was not. Dolores wanted to take comfort from praying.
“Armand, what did you just say?” Amanda walked out of the kitchen.
Her eyes were still a little red. Everyone knew she must have cried, but nobody asked her about that.
They knew everything thoroughly within themselves.
Armand smiled, “You have sharp ears. I was talking in the living room, and you could hear it in the kitchen. Have you eavesdropping?”
“You said it loudly, and I've no eavesdropped,” Amanda looked at Joshua, “Go help Bonnie. I'm going to call mom and Theresa for breakfast.”
Joshua got up from the sofa, “Okay.”
“You're a good man, knows to love your wife,” Armand said with a smile, and Joshua turned his head and looked at him, “You're a good model for me.”
Armand laughed.
Theresa and Dolores were outside of the house. The two said they wanted to walk for a while, but actually, they wanted to talk secretly without the presence of Amanda.
They talked about Joshua's wedding and Amanda's matter. They were afraid that Amanda would be upset since she still had a knot in her heart.
Theresa and Dolores still wanted to say something, but they stopped talking when they saw Amanda walking over to them, “Breakfast is ready. Let's go in and eat.”
“Okay,” Theresa smiled. She did not ask about what happened to her last night and did not mention a word about her matters.
It was like the incident of Stanford had not happened.
Amanda walked over and took Dolores's arm. She said with a tone of guiltiness, “Mom didn't have a good sleep last night.”
They did not sleep last night.
Dolores held Amanda's hand in her hand and did not say anything because no words were necessary.
They entered the house. The breakfast was already on the table. Everyone sat at the table, and they were in with a tacit understanding to not mention the matters of Amanda and Stanford.
“Was my dad going out early in the morning?” Joshua put a glass of milk in front of Dolores.
Dolores said to him, “He went out to meet someone.”
“Who is it?” Joshua asked.
“Joan.”
Matthew knew that Amanda was taken care of by Joan when she was in Thailand. The two of them were already familiar with each other. So they made an appointment with Joan for breakfast in the morning since Joan was in the country.
They had breakfast in the restaurant of the hotel where Joan was staying.
“Thank you so much for taking care of my daughter.”
They sat in the window seat of the hotel restaurant. Joan had the same imposing aura as young Matthew. His charm did not suppress by Matthew, who was sitting opposite him.
“I should be the one to thank you,” Joan said after a moment of silence, “If it isn't for your help last time, I wouldn't have been able to get through it safely.”
The Morton family not only had a large fortune accumulated for many generations, and they also had a family business. However, Joan focused on politics. Although he was still able to handle the company matters, there were some times he would make mistakes.
However, the trouble last time was not a mistake he made, and it was his political opponent who set him up. With the help of Matthew, Joan could keep the business and get out of trouble.
#####Chapter 989 Tonight at Eight O'clock
Joan honestly explained he went to the country to Matthew, and he also told him what happened in Thailand before, “I think he'll soon be able to get out of it.”
Joan was worried that Stanford would go to Amanda.
Although Matthew was not in Thailand at that time, he knew what had happened between Amanda and Stanford.
Joan said straightforwardly, “I hope you could intervene personally in this.”
Joan wanted Matthew to intervene in this to let Stanford give up on Amanda.
There was an expression in Matthew that Joan could not read, and he seemed to think about what Joan had just said, but he refused to talk to Joan about Amanda's private matters. Even if Joan knew it, Matthew did not want to talk about what had happened before.
Joan also realized that he might have put his foot in it. After all, it was their family matter, and it concerned Matthew's daughter's matter. Matthew certainly did not want to talk with people about his daughter's private life.
He said apologetically, “Sorry, I...”
Matthew raised his hand and gestured he did not need to say anything.
Joan knew that Matthew might not want to continue the topic, so he talked about his own company. Joan did not like to do business, but he was the only heir of the family. He had to bear all the burdens alone.
He studied in military college, so he seemed to have no great facility to manage the business. Before this, he had hired a person, who was top personnel in business management, to handle the company affairs. However, the person was involved in the last incident, and Joan could no longer have the person to handle the company business. So he had nobody to take care of the company business.
He knew Matthew's background, so he wanted Matthew to give himself an idea or recommend someone to himself.
Joan thought that the family business was part of the family. So he had the responsibility to protect and run the business left by his ancestors.
“The project that Mr. Baron had a joint venture in country D was very successful. You've got a lot of top personnel around you, Mr. Nelson,” Joan said.
Abbott had been working for Matthew for so many years. Otherwise, Matthew would not be rest assured to leave everything about the company to Abbott to handle.
As time went by, Abbott was also getting more and more tactful and ran the company well.
Although Matthew did not care about the company matters anymore, he still paid attention to the big projects that the company followed up.
Indeed, they had performed the project well last time, and both sides got a high rate of return.
Joan hoped to learn some skills to do business from Matthew, and he also wanted to ask for advice on the things he encountered in business management. So the time passed unknowingly after the talk.
Joshua went to the company, while Bonnie and Amanda went to the mall. They went to buy some things that were needed for the wedding. Bonnie had not bought the things that women should prepare for the wedding. It just happened that Amanda returned home this time, so Bonnie wanted to take Amanda out for relaxation.
Amanda was Joshua's elder sister, and she spoiled Bonnie so much since Bonnie was her future younger sister-in-law.
A driver, who was good at fighting, followed behind the two.
He could help them carry their things and also protect them.
“Aren't you buying the things you need for the wedding? How come all the things you bought are for Jos?”
They shopped a lot, but basically, all Bonnie bought was for Joshua.
“I think it's suitable for him,” Bonnie smiled.
Amanda also smiled and felt happy for her brother within.
She could tell that Bonnie was always thinking of Joshua.
“I need to go to the bathroom. You continue to shop, and I'll come back to you later,” Amanda said.
Bonnie said yes.
Amanda sat on the chair in the mall to rest for a while after going to the bathroom. She felt a little hurt on her legs since she had walked a lot.
She massaged her calves.
When she got up to find Bonnie, a dark shadow appeared in front of her. She raised her head and saw Stanford standing in front of her.
Instinctively, she took a step backwards.
Stanford saw her simple action and felt like a thorn in the heart.
She used to like to pester him so much, and she just wanted to stay away from him when she saw him now.
“Let's talk,” Stanford looked at her calmly and said.
“What do we have to talk about? I've made it clear that we have no more relation. I think you've seen that I have a boyfriend, Joan. You have seen him, haven't you?” Amanda tried hard to suppress her emotions, “Stanford, the Stanford I knew is proud and noble. When did you become like to pester someone?”
Stanford did not care what she said, and he even showed a little humility, “I just want to talk to you properly.”
“Sure, go ahead,” Amanda did not want him to appear in front of her again, so she said in a compromising manner, “How about you disappear from my life after we talk?”
Amanda agreed to talk to Stanford because she did not want him to appear in front of her parents. They would remind of what had happened before if they saw him.
Amanda did not want the people around her to worry and hurt again because of what happened to her.
Joshua would beat him to death if he knew that Stanford had come to City C.
Stanford clenched her hands that were settling at his side, a little by little into fists, “Okay, but I'll choose the place.”
Amanda said with a sarcastic and contemptuous tone, “Every dog has his day, Stanford.”
“I'll wait for you at Room 806, Double Tree Hotel, tonight at eight,” he turned around and left after saying that.
Amanda stood on the same spot and looked at the back that she chased after in the past. Her expression was no longer passionate and left only frosty.
“Amanda,” Bonnie ran over to her.
#####Chapter 990 Sadder but Wiser
“Amanda, who was the person you talked to just now?” Bonnie was in a store and looked for the bedding needed for the wedding. She saw Amanda was talking to someone from afar through the glass. Someone blocked her view at that time, so Bonnie could not see clearly. She realized that there was no one else except Amanda when she ran over to Amanda.
“Nothing, let's go, let's continue shopping. What should I give you since you're getting married?” Amanda tookBonnie to continue to go shopping.
Bonnie did not give it up and turned to look back. She had seen someone there.
How could the person disappear?
Did she see it wrong? Bonnie thought with doubt.
“Come on, let's go to that store,” Amanda took her to a women's clothing store and deliberately talked to her, “I’ll buy you some clothes.”
Bonnie smiled and asked, “As my wedding gift?”
“Of course not,” Amanda looked at her, “You're marrying Jos, and of course, I have to give you the best and most valuable thing as your wedding present.”
Bonnie joked, “Theresa and mom will buy me presents, and you'll buy me too. By then, will I become a rich woman?”
“You're already a rich woman, okay? What is Jos' belongs to you.”
“It seems to be like this.”
The two talked and laughed, and Bonnie seemed to forget that she seemed to see Amanda talking to someone.
After shopping, they went to watch a movie before going home.
Amanda did not go home with Bonnie, and she told Bonnie that she was going to meet a friend. Amanda purposely went to the movie after shopping because she wanted to delay the time until the evening. So she could find an excuse not to go home.
Bonnie also did not think much about it, and she went home with the driver.
After separating from Bonnie, Amanda found that it was not time yet. She walked alone in the busy streets of City C. It was getting dark, and there were more pedestrians on the streets.
There was someone selling toys on the roadside. Children would tug at their parents to buy toys. The street was full of worldliness.
A hipster was standing at the bridge with a guitar in his arms. He wore a little longer hair and glasses, and he sang a poem with a low, emotional voice.
“Hearing of you from afar, so I set out a long journey.
I've felt the wind blow that you've felt and does it count as a hug.
I've walked on the road you've walked, and does it consider an encounter.
I only like you, from the beginning to the end, earnestly and cowardly.
I still like you as the sun rises, day and night.
I still like you as clouds drift ninety thousand miles, never rest.
I still like you as the stars smash on the Earth, till death do us part.
I still like you as the breeze blows into my heart, limp and numb.
I still like you as the wind once starts its trip and never comes back.”
Amanda unknowingly had stopped long ago, listened carefully to the hipster chanting each verse that was slightly sad and aesthetic. She came into tears and wiped the tears at the corners of her eyes. Amanda took twenty dollars out of her wallet and bent over, and wanted to put it into the guitar case. However, there was a person who first put twenty dollars into the guitar case. She raised her head and met a pair of deep eyes. He was also looking at her at this moment.
It was as if time had been put temporarily on hold. Amanda and Stanford did not react for a long time,  and they spaced out. After a while, Amanda was the first who came back to her senses. She put the money into the case and got up.
Stanford looked at her, “Let's walk together?”
Amanda raised her hand to glance at her wristwatch and said distantly, “It's not yet eight o'clock.”
“I'll treat you to dinner,” Stanford said with an assured tone, “You haven't eaten yet, right?”
“I've eaten,” Amanda looked indifferent to keep people away.
Stanford did not talk anymore and just followed behind Amanda as she walked away.
“Don't follow me,” she looked right back at him.
Stanford said calmly, “I'm also going this way.”
Amanda directly turned back, “Don't you tell me that you're also going to take the same path...”
Before Amanda finished her words, Stanford dragged her into his arms and held her tight, “I'm sorry.”
Amanda pounded him like crazy, “I don't want your apology. You owed me a life!”
Stanford did not move and let her vent her feelings out. After a long time, Amanda began tired, “Let go of me.”
She said icily, “I'll look down on you even more if you do like this. Are you don't dare to take responsibility for what you've done?”
“If everything could start over, I want to be the first person to meet you and the first person to fall in love with you.”
Stanford said in a low voice. The most wrong thing he had done in his life was not to face his mind honestly.
Stanford could personally feel the pain she had suffered from because he had experienced it all.
He did not want to justify himself since he really did wrong.
Stanford did not need sympathy or compassion from others. He just wanted to get Amanda back in earnest.
He wanted to cherish the person for the rest of his life.
“Y-you're my only family.”
Amanda did not want to listen to this. She turned her head and looked at the river. A gentle breeze blew through Amanda's hair.
She still throbbed within herself, not because of Stanford, but for her past flaming passion.
She got through it sadder but wiser.
She was incredibly sober-minded.
She raised her hand and glanced at the time, “It's eight now. What's the matter?”
She said with a perfunctory tone.
Stanford calmed down and said, “Accompany me to dinner.”
“I only agreed to talk to you,” Amanda said sternly.
“That's part of the talking.”
#####Chapter 991 My Preference has Changed
Amanda can’t outspeak him, she could only leave a statement coldly. "Please remember our agreement, finish what you want to say, and never appear in front of me again."
Stanford looked down to conceal his gloomy look. He agreed very softly. "Let's go."
Amanda didn't respond, but followed him.
Stanford walked into a restaurant. Amanda didn't have too many expressions on her face, and she looked very indifferent.
Joan had just finished meeting a friend and he saw them after the gathering was over.
However, at this time, Stanford also saw him, and they stopped at the same time.
Amanda looked slightly surprised. As she just wanted to say hello to Joan, Joan spoke. He was talking to Stanford, "I didn't expect you’ll come here so soon."
Then he pulled Amanda to his side.
Amanda quickly reacted, she took Joan's arm, looked up and smiled. She spoke very intimately, as if she knew why Joan was there. "So this is the hotel you mentioned about eating with friends?"
She was only guessing. She acted purposefully just to let Stanford know she was close to Joan.
However, the fact was that Joan was only there to see his friends. Since he knew Amanda was acting at the moment, he said, "Yeah, it's already over."
"Mr. James is inviting me to a dinner, why don’t you come along too?" Amanda looked at him and said.
Joan immediately nodded knowingly and looked at Stanford. "It seems that Mr. James still doesn't want to give up on my girlfriend."
Stanford's eyes moved away from Amanda's hands which were holding Joan’s arm and he met Joan‘s eyes. He didn't believe that Joan was Amanda's boyfriend, even if they both said so.
Without saying anything, he walked into a private room. After taking a seat, he asked the waiter to give Joan the menu. "Mr. Morton, you are a guest who comes from a long way. You can order the dishes."
In Thailand, Stanford had basically understood Joan‘s personal background. He used to be afraid because Joan was brilliant, but he believed Amanda more. Even if she hated him, she would not fall in love with others so quickly.
Joan took the menu handed over by the waiter. He spoke the local language very well, but he didn't know much about the language’s writing system. Moreover, there was no picture on the menu. He couldn't tell what dishes were on the menu.
He frowned slightly. Amanda leaned over and whispered, "I'll help you."
"Just these two, the signature dishes here, which can't be eaten in other restaurants."
Joan nodded. Amanda ordered some more authentic local food. Knowing that Joan was a Thai, she wanted to let him try local food when he came to her country. "These are some more famous dishes. Try having a taste on them later, if you like them, we'll come back next time."
Stanford who was sitting opposite them heard Amanda's words and he clasped his hands tightly under the table.
Joan looked down. Amanda was very close to him and he could smell her faint perfume. The fragrance was so refreshing and enjoyable. He pointed at a dish of golden silkworm chrysalis. "What is this?"
Amanda's face slightly froze. "These are silkworm chrysalises."
The waiter who was standing at the side introduced, "It has high nutritional value. Silkworm pupa is rich in protein, a variety of amino acids and vitamins. It is a good tonic. You can try it."
Joan got it. In short, it was a very nutritious dish. He said to Amanda, "Shall we order one more of this?"
Amanda nodded and said to the waiter, "Give us one but with a better appearance. I don't want to see its original look."
She was worried that Joan could not eat it without special processing.
The original appearance of the silkworm chrysalis is neither ugly nor terrible, but she solely didn't like the appearance of the silkworm chrysalis.
The waiter smiled. "I see. You are not the first guest to have such a request."
After ordering, the waiter asked, "Anything else?"
Stanford added another dish, which Amanda liked to eat before, and then said, "That's all."
Amanda heard it, but she pretended she didn’t hear it, and she deliberately talked to Joan instead. "Come with me to see my parents later."
Joan's heart suddenly leapt, and he soon became calm. He realized that Amanda was deliberately saying that to Stanford who was sitting opposite. He almost took it seriously. Fortunately, he went clearheaded quickly and replied, "OK."
Amanda was really amused by Joan's expression just now, he looked a little silly, and also---cute.
‘Is there a kind of pain, that is, watching your loved one being with others, but you can't stop it?’
After a while, several waiters brought up the dishes. The waiter who was responsible to take orders just now put the last dishes added by Stanford in front of him.
"These dishes are that lady's favourite. Please put them in front of her."
The waiter nodded and brought the dishes to Amanda. Amanda stopped the waiter. "My preference has changed, please give it to him."
Joan immediately looked towards Amanda. He didn't know what she liked to eat.
Amanda looked at Joan. "I like Thai food, please cook it for me in the future."
Joan immediately nodded and agreed.
#####Chapter 992 Fate Doesn't Matter Sooner or Later
When all the dishes were ready, the waiters all withdrew from the private room. Amanda said, "If you have anything you want to say, please say it now."
Stanford didn't look up as he said, "I told you I want to talk to you alone."
He didn't want to see Amanda being so close and intimate to Joan.
"But I don't want to meet my ex-husband alone behind my boyfriend's back. If you have anything, just say it in front of my boyfriend, so as not to let him misunderstand me. I cherish him now."
She looked at Joan and said affectionately, "I was foolish before, but I'm glad I still had the chance to meet him."
Although she was staring at Joan, her words meant something else, and they both knew it.
Yet at the moment, Joan spoke out his real thought, "Fate doesn't matter sooner or later."
He actually wanted to say that he didn't care about her marriage at all.
Knowing that Joan was serious, Amanda immediately turned her head away and refused to look straight into his eyes.
It seemed that this meal was no longer a meal. They all had their own thoughts in mind and the food seemed tasteless.
Joan picked up the silkworm chrysalis introduced by the waiter. After special treatment, he couldn't see its original appearance. It was made very exquisite by the cook and looked very appetizing. He put it onto Amanda's plate. "You're too skinny."
The waiter said it was very nutritious. She could eat more.
"She can't eat this. The protein content is too high, she’ll be allergic to it," Stanford reminded him.
Joan immediately took it back, but Amanda stopped him and said to him, "That was before, I’m not allergic now."
She took it and put it into her mouth. She ate it and looked at Stanford. "Don't you think you know me very well. In fact, I have changed a long time ago."
Then she picked up another and put it into her mouth.
Stanford only looked at her silently. "Is it worth risking your own health?"
"If you can stay away from me, I’ll be in spectacular health."
Amanda said indifferently.
Stanford looked at her for several seconds. "We'll meet alone next time."
Then he stood up and walked out of the private room.
Amanda shouted at him, "I really don't want to see you again."
Stanford's leg froze for a moment and he stepped out.
Amanda and Joan were left in the private room. After being silent for a moment, Joan apologized. "I have no idea that..."
"It’s okay, let's leave too." Amanda pretended that nothing had happened, and Joan nodded silently.
The bill had been paid by Stanford. They went out of the restaurant. Joan looked around and didn't find a drugstore. "I'll take you back."
Amanda shook her head. "I can go by myself."
There were many people at home. If Joan sends her back, they may misunderstand later.
She didn't know that Joan and Matthew had met each other.
Joan stopped a car. After getting in, Joan didn't send Amanda home but asked the driver to go to the drugstore.
The driver said, "I know there is a drugstore near here."
"Thank you," Joan said.
Sitting in the car, Amanda already had allergic reactions. Her face and body itched. However, at this time, the car had stopped at the drugstore’s entrance. Joan paid the fare, helped Amanda get off, and let her sit by the fountain to wait for him.
Amanda nodded.
Joan went to the drugstore to buy medicine and water. He opened the medicine box, took out the medicine and handed it to her, as well as water.
Amanda took it over, put the medicine into her mouth and swallowed it with water.
Joan sat and waited.
Both of them did not speak and only sat there quietly.
After a while, Amanda felt that her physical discomfort had gradually disappeared. She stood up and Joan asked her, "Is it better now?"
Amanda replied, "Yeah, I’m all right now."
They walked along the street. Joan pondered for a moment and said, "He left on purpose just now, didn't he?"
Amanda looked at him. "Who do you mean?"
"Mr. James." Joan had to admit that he didn't know Amanda as well as Stanford. They had been married for three years and had a certain understanding of each other's living habits and characters, but his understanding of Amanda was basically empty, and he felt extremely lost in his heart.
"He knew you did that on purpose, he knew you'll be uncomfortable. He's afraid that if he stays there, you'll endure it and try your best not to show it, that’s why he left. Your allergy has never changed."
Amanda said blandly, "That was before."
‘Even if it doesn't change, it doesn't mean anything.’
"I have to thank you for today too." Amanda stopped. "I'll take you back to the hotel."
"You don’t have to thank me all the time." Joan glanced at the city he was unfamiliar with. "Could you walk with me?"
Amanda said, "Sure, there are still many places worth seeing here."
She took Joan to an old building, which was repaired by the government and adorned with belt-liked lamps. At night, the lamps would light up giving off amazing auras, which were very ornamental.
The building’s original appearance could not be seen if one doesn’t come closer at night because its original colour was concealed by the lights.
There was a busy street at the gate. Many people set up stalls to sell things.
They went in and passed by a plaque. Joan stopped.
#####Chapter 993 What do You Want to Say
There were three vigorous and powerful characters written on the plaque. The characters inlaid with gold on a black background were magnificent and solemn.
"What does it say?" Joan asked.
Amanda raised her head and noticed three words, "Phoenix’s Pavilion", were written on the plaque. She explained to Joan, "It is said that there was a queen of the dynasty who lived here, so it was named the Phoenix’s Pavilion."
Joan blinked as if he was thinking what she meant.
Amanda asked, "No idea what it is?"
She paused and continued, "The queen is the wife of the ancient emperor of our country. The Phoenix is the king of birds in our country. In order to show the majesty of the queen, she is honoured as the Phoenix."
"Your country's culture is really special. Everything needs to be gone around the bush." Joan seemed to understand what she meant.
Amanda smiled. "Your idiom is good, but it's not ‘to go around the bush’, it's ‘to beat around the bush’."
"What's the difference?"
"..."
"Nothing. Let's go inside."
Amanda said.
Joan followed her. "Could you teach me to write in your language afterwards?"
"If you want me to be your teacher, you have to pay me." Amanda looked at him and joked, "Since you’re so rich, I’ll charge you 2000 dollars an hour."
Joan replied, "Sure."
Amanda smiled. "I'm just kidding."
"2000 dollars an hour, and you’ll be my teacher," Joan repeated.
"..."
She was secretly amazed that he had treated it seriously. She was only joking! But looking at Joan's serious look, it seemed that she can't lose this student.
‘Whatever.’
"I'll reluctantly accept you as a student." Amanda went to a stall selling antique fans. The silk surface was embroidered with exquisite patterns, and red flower strings were hanging below. She took one and looked at it in her hand. Joan picked up one after her too. However, he didn't take the figure painting one, but the scenery, and there were some poems on top.
He handed it to Amanda. "What's written on it?"
Amanda took it over and there wrote: Parting between lovers induces sorrow at two places. Oh, what cannot be ruled out is that, when this yearning between lovers and this sadness of separation has just disappeared from the slightly wrinkled eyebrows, they vaguely filled one’s heart.
After reading it, she said, "What nonsense."
The fan vendor was unhappy. "Haven't you gone to school? This is written by a famous poet, how is it nonsense?"
Amanda looked at the fan vendor and wondered are all the stall owners so educated now?
The fan vendor wanted Joan to buy it and he said, "This is a poem written by a famous poet in our country. It's about love. It suits you well."
Amanda almost burst into laughter. ‘How does this fan suit Joan well?’ He was an eight-foot man with a very masculine look. It was already amusing imagining him using the fan.
Amanda thought that to sell his stuff, that vendor could go against his heart, and he can say anything.
Joan put it down and shook his head. "I don't want it."
Seeing the vendor trying so hard to sell, Amanda asked, "How much for one?"
"Three dollars."
"I'll buy one." Amanda took the money from her purse.
Joan stopped her. "I'll pay."
The fan vendor regretted it. If he knew that the woman liked it, he would raise the price. Until then, the big guy would be embarrassed to bargain in front of his girlfriend.
Joan paid the money. The fan vendor put the money into his bag and said, "Your girlfriend is very pretty."
But in his mind, he was blaming foreigners like him for stealing all the beautiful women in their country.
Amanda took a fan and glimpsed at the vendor. "We’re just friends."
"I’ve misunderstood." The fan vendor smiled shyly. It turned out he had misunderstood.
He felt lucky to have not let the foreigner gain benefits.
It was almost ten o'clock, and Amanda wanted to go home. She just came back and had stayed outside for the whole day without spending more time with her parents. It was not appropriate for her to go back that late.
Joan said, "I'll send you home."
"It’s okay, let’s just go our way."
Amanda said.
Joan didn't force her and agreed.
The two separated. Joan took a taxi back to the hotel, but unexpectedly he saw Stanford.
Stanford was standing at the elevator’s entrance, delegating company work to Atwood. He didn't pay attention to him who was looking this way. Joan walked towards him. "Mr. James."
Atwood looked towards him.
"What's up?"
When Stanford saw him, he responded blandly.
"Can we talk?" Joan asked.
Atwood didn't forget that he had framed Stanford in Thailand. He pulled down his face. "You have good tricks up your sleeve, but do you think you’ll hinder us that way?"
Stanford frowned slightly. "Atwood, please leave first."
"But..."
Meeting Stanford's eyes, Atwood stopped and reluctantly went into the elevator.
"I know a quiet place." Stanford led the way. Joan followed up. They went to the business area on the top floor. The top floor of the hotel had a very humanized design, providing a good place for those who come to talk about business. It was highly private and quiet, which was very suitable for discussions.
Obviously, Stanford was much more familiar with City C. After talking to the hotel manager, he booked the best private room.
The waiter brought in tea, then withdrew from there and closed the door.
"What do you want to say to me?"
#####Chapter 994 Still Looking Like a Child
Joan took the teapot and poured two cups of tea. He put one cup of tea in front of Stanford and took a sip of tea from the other one in his hand. When he put down the cup, he spoke, "When I was eight, my grandpa gave me a simulated pistol. I liked it very much. It became my favourite toy, but later I accidentally lost it and couldn't find it. Until one day, I saw another child holding it and taking it as his favourite toy too. From that moment onwards, I knew I’ve lost it, and it would never come back. Knowing it won’t come back anymore, I learned to let go."
He looked up at Stanford. "Do you think I should ask the child to give it back or let it go?"
Stanford looked indifferent. "If it were me, I would be more willing to ask the guy who does it prefer."
"But I think since I’ve lost it, I’m no longer eligible to have it. What do you think?"
Joan leaned over. "Why did I lose it? It's because I couldn't protect it, so it left me."
"Then how can you be sure that the person who found it won't lose it?" Stanford looked at him. "Mr. Morton, can I ask you a question?"
"Sure."
"How long did you own that gun?"
"I had it from eight to twelve, so it’s four years."
"Four years? If the gun has a soul and feelings, how long do you think it will take for it to forget its former owner when it’s with the new owner?" Stanford looked at Joan. "Do you know how many years I have known my ex-wife?"
Before Joan asked, he said, "I was nine the first time I saw her."
He didn't forget the kind little girl he had met once.
Joan fell into silence.
Stanford had never been deferential to anyone. He had never begged anyone no matter when. At that moment, he only wanted to say to Joan, "I don't know what kind of family you live in, Mr. Morton, but I want to tell you that she had taught me to love. You might not understand what it's like."
Joan didn't keep silent anymore and he spoke, "But you hurt her."
"That’s why I want to make up for it."
"But have you ever wondered if that's what she wants?" Joan stood up. "She will stay here until her brother gets married. During this time, if she still loves you or you can win her heart back, I will send her blessings, but if she still hasn't come back to you during this time, I will try my best to win her heart."
Joan then left.
Yet Stanford didn't move.
Meanwhile, Amanda had returned home. Everyone was still awake and they were in the living room.
"Why are you so late?" Theresa looked at her and asked.
"Amanda went to see a friend," before Amanda spoke, Bonnie said.
Amanda came over with a smile. "Why haven't you guys slept yet?"
"Come with me." Matthew stood up and walked towards the study room.
Amanda greeted them and followed. After entering the study room, Matthew asked her to close the door.
"Dad, what do you want to tell me?" Amanda closed the door and came over.
"Have you heard of the company named Rhoda Corporation?" Matthew sat behind the desk and handed her a document.
Amanda shook her head.
"Have a look at the information first," Matthew said.
Amanda browsed through it. "It’s a Thai company?"
"Yes." Matthew looked at his daughter. "When your brother gets married, I and your mother will go back. I want you to stay with us, so I’ve found you a job."
Amanda certainly wanted to stay with her parents so that she could take care of them. She nodded. "I'll go to this company."
She promised without asking for any position first.
"Don't you have anything else to ask me?" Matthew looked at his daughter.
Amanda walked around the desk, put her arms around his neck from behind and acted affectionately to her father. "I suppose you won’t set your daughter up?"
Matthew patted her hand. Even if he was a father, his daughter had grown up. She was no longer a child that could be educated any way he wanted. Now she was an adult and had experienced a marriage once. There were many things she can't tell him frankly.
But he believed that after what happened this time, she had gone matured.
"Your mother is in the house, go keep her company." Amanda acted like a child. "I want you to go with me."
"She won't beat you, what are you afraid of?”
“I'm not afraid, I just want you to go with me. You haven't seen me for a year and don't you miss me?" She always looked like a child in front of her father.
Matthew pretended to be serious. "Come on, how old are you now? Still acting like a child."
"I am your child."
"..."
Both of them then entered the room together. Dolores was writing something. Amanda was mischievous that she put her finger in front of her lips and asked Matthew to keep silent. She then walked quietly towards Dolores from behind and stretched out her neck to see what she was writing.
Her son was getting married and as a mother-in-law to be, she had to prepare wedding stuff for her future daughter-in-law. There were too many things, so she wrote down a list to avoid forgetting when the time comes.
"Why, you’re so generous," seeing the gift list written by Dolores, she said. "Are you going to give all the money to your little son and forget about your eldest son?"
#####Chapter 995 On a Mission
Dolores looked back and noticed it was her daughter, she put down the pen. She got up and stood aside to let her sit down.
Amanda didn't know what she meant and asked, "What are you doing?"
"I want you to write it," said Dolores.
Amanda sighed and pretended to be aggrieved. "I'm divorced, can’t you show me some sympathy?."
Everyone said nothing about her divorce and they did not mention Stanford. She knew that everyone was afraid of touching the pain in her heart, but she had let it go.
Dolores's look instantly changed, and even Matthew who had just sat on the bed looked towards her too.
Amanda took a glimpse of her father. Finally, her eyes fell onto Dolores and she held her hand. "Mom, I’ve let it go, I'm all right now. You don't have to care about me all the time. The more careful you are, the more pressure I feel. I hope you're still the same as before, whatever I’ve done wrong, you’ll educate and criticize me when necessary."
Seeing that her daughter could face it so positively, Dolores became slightly relieved and she pretended to be strict. "Stop babbling and hurry up writing the gift list."
"Yes, Your Highness." Amanda picked up the pen. "You really appreciate your little son."
She was not jealous, but happy.
Her little brother was the youngest and he was the first to leave them. He bore the responsibility that should not have been borne by him. On the other hand, she and her elder brother can do things according to their own thoughts.
He had taken over such a big enterprise at a young age. Although everyone will lend him a hand, he was lack of freedom. He usually looked positive and slightly immature, but he actually had a very mature mind and a powerful heart.
Or else, he won't be able to control his subordinates.
She won't be envious no matter how many things were given to him. She would only think he deserved it. In a sense, he had borne the burden of her and her brother. If he didn't come to City C, her brother might come. After all, Mr. Adams had died of illness. That was the industry left by grandpa, which can't be left aside and let it doom. In addition, her uncle and grandpa were in poor health, and the textile factory may be taken over by her brother in the future.
"Mom, I want to give the ring you gave me to Bonnie. She’s getting married to Jos and I couldn't give her cheap stuff." Although Amanda claimed that Dolores was too generous, she wanted to give them the best too.
"You can keep it. Yours don't fit, I have the one." Dolores held the jade bracelet in her hand. She planned to give it to Bonnie on the wedding day. Victoria used to let her wear it, it was an old thing given by the ancestors in the Forbis family.
The jade bracelet had a meaning of inheritance. Joshua was her son and Bonnie was her daughter-in-law. In the future, they would take over the textile factory and inherit the Forbis’ family business.
Amanda pouted and asked, "What about Andrew?"
"He will get married in the future too, what would you give to his wife?"
As soon as Dolores wanted to speak, Amanda interrupted her, "Don't say that your son doesn't care. Andrew indeed doesn't care about these, but his wife may care. You are a parent and you should be fair to everyone."
"Don’t you have a pink diamond ring? Just give it to your future sister-in-law."
"Oh, no. That's given by dad." At this moment, Amanda started to become stingy.
"He won't care about these. The girl he likes won't just care about his money too, I think it's more about his personality."
Dolores had great confidence in her eldest son and she believed that he will not have his eyes set on shallow girls who only pay attention to luxuries.
Besides, money was not important to him in the environment he was in.
Plus, he was now in a high position and he didn't need her to worry at all.
"Can he make it to Jos’ wedding? I..." Amanda looked up and calculated how long she hadn't seen him. "It's almost two and a half years?"
"Your uncle said he was on a mission, maybe he couldn't make it. No one could contact him, and you know his mission is special. We should understand his situation."
Amanda understood. "I just feel sorry if he misses it."
After finished writing the gift list, Amanda returned to the living room. At this time, there was no one in the living room and they had all gone to rest.
Dolores closed the door, walked towards Matthew, looked at him and said, "Let's go to City B tomorrow."
She had missed Andrew too. Since he joined the army, he had come back only a few times. She did hope that Andrew could come back to attend Joshua's wedding. Their family hadn't been reunited for a long time.
Now Amanda had gotten over a failed marriage and Joshua was getting married, these were all happy news. If he was here, it will be perfect, and she won't be so worried when she returned to Thailand.
Matthew knew what she was thinking and said, "OK, we can deal with some things by the way."
"What things?" Dolores suddenly remembered Stanford. "We have nothing to do with him anymore, and there's no need to see him."
She was still a little agitated when she thought of Stanford.
Matthew stretched out his hand and pulled her down. "We’re not seeing him. Besides, he’s not in City B."
"How do you know?" She turned her head and looked at Matthew. "Are you hiding something from me?"
#####Chapter 996 You Are Not Dirty-Minded
“I didn’t go to see him, it’s just that I have sent someone to protect Amanda from the dark. I knew that he has gone to Thailand, not in City B.” Matthew had concealed the fact that Stanford had come to City C.
“What was he doing in Thailand?” Dolores asked coldly, “Wasn’t he afraid that he would bump into me?”
“If he met you, what do you plan to do with him? You didn’t even allow me to punch me last time.”
Dolores didn’t respond to that, “Wash up and let’s sleep.”
It was not like she didn’t hate Stanford. Even beating him up wouldn’t have vanquished her anger. It was just that she had finally understood that it was better to stay as far away as possible from someone like him. The best-case scenario would be that they would not cross paths ever again.
She wanted to get some water, but Matthew took her waist and made her sit on the bed, “Let me get it.”
Dolores said after thinking about something for a moment, “Say, do you think our daughter has finally let go after all this time? After all, she really loved Stanford back then. Do you still remember when she was putting up a fight against us?”
“She will let go.” Matthew wanted her not to overthink, “Something as dangerous as that won’t happen again. You don’t need to worry.”
“Children are always the debt of parents. We will never cease to worry about them. How can I just not worry?” As she said that, something occurred to her, and she just lied down on the bed without even washing up.
Matthew who was going to get some water stopped waking, and he looked at her. He had a feeling that she must have remembered something, and his eyes lowered. In the end, he said nothing as he turned around to the washroom to get some water.
He placed a basin of warm water by the bed and reminded, “Wash up first before you sleep.”
Dolores pretended not to hear that as she continued to feign sleep after turning around a little.
Matthew flipped the blanket away and grabbed her leg.
However, Dolores retreated her legs, “Don’t touch me.”
Matthew pressed himself on her and grabbed her head so that her face was facing his face, “We are already so old. Aren’t you afraid that our children will look at us as laughing stock?”
“Do you think I’m old?” Dolores asked him with wide eyes.
Matthew smiled, “Of course not. In my eyes, you will always be eighteen.”
Dolores didn’t know whether to get fuming or just burst into laughter, “Get off me. You think you are still young?”
“You are not old, so naturally I am young too.” Matthew got up and placed her legs into the basin.
On the second floor at that moment, Bonnie was sitting in front of a computer. She was reading incoming messages on the monitor with Milo in her arms. She was laughing away while reading those messages.
Milo was a cat she was recently raising. It was not of a rare breed. She simply picked it up from the streets when the cat was still stray.
Joshua came into the room and saw her grinning at the computer. He asked, “What are you looking at?”
“Looking at people messaging each other.” Bonnie turned her head around and waved at him, “Come here.”
Joshua walked towards her.
“See, look at this conversation.” Bonnie signalled for him to look at the monitor.
Joshua took a look and after reading a few messages, his brows knitted together, “You’re checking out other people’s conversation?”
Bonnie explained, “Do you still remember that our company has just launched a new application? It is designed to cater to single people and it is a platform for them to interact. We are at the testing stage now, and our boss wants us to observe what users are talking about on the application. Everything needs to be recorded in a report.”
“So you’re just invading others’ privacy in a nutshell?” Although Joshua sounded very critical, he wasn’t really going to reprimand her for this. He knew very well that it was just part of her job, and the company had a policy that would protect all privacies. Those who were being spied on wouldn’t know that they were being watched by someone too.
“It’s boss’ order. As his underling, I can only listen and obey.” She placedMilo on the table and turned around with her arms around her waist. She began to coo, “If you think my job is not good enough, I will just resign. You have to take care of me. What do you think of that?”
Joshua pinched her chin, “Let’s say I will provide for you. What can I get in return?”
Bonnie’s eyeballs rotated slightly as she replied, “I will warm your bed during winter and fan you during summer. I will prepare clothes for you during autumn too.”
“What about spring?” Joshua inched closer to her and their eyes met.
“Spring is lacking winter’s coldness. Maybe you should cut down on the clothes you wear?”
Joshua looked obviously unsatisfied with her answer, “It doesn’t fit the season at all.”
Bonnie was speechless for a moment.
“Then shall I accompany you on a trip in spring?”
“Heine once said that if farmers don’t plant the seeds in spring, those seeds won’t bloom during summer which means there will be no harvesting going on in autumn which ultimately leads to nothing left to be enjoyed in the winters. Say, what do you think you should do during spring?”
“Plant the seeds…” Before she could finish, Bonnie immediately understood the underlying meaning. She punched his chest and cursed at him, “You’re shameless.”
Joshua smiled, “Why is planting seeds shameless?”
“Joshua!” Bonnie was shamed and angry at the same time, “Leave my room now. I still need to work.”
“Why do I see your face blushing?” Joshua grabbed her hand which was pushing him away and poked the centre of her palms, “You’re not dirty-minded, it’s me who worded the sentence strangely. Don’t be angry, or else you won’t be pretty anymore.”
He lowered his head and planted a kiss on her lips.
Bonnie tried to dodge it as she was no longer fuming. However, she was still embarrassed.
Joshua hugged her and brought her back to the front of the monitor. There was a constant inflow of new messages on the screen.
He wanted to see whether there were any funny things he could read from there.
“It’s not funny at all. What are were laughing about just now?”
Bonnie moved the mouse and replied, “You will know in a minute.”
Joshua waited for it while he grabbed a freshly sliced apple from a tray and put it into his mouth. He chewed the fruit while waiting for her to retrieve the chat room.
When she heard him eating an apple, Bonnie said, “I want to eat too.”
Her eyes were still glued to the monitor as she moved the house to adjust the position of the chat room.
Joshua’s gaze fell on the fruit tray, and then he stole a glance at her. Seeing that she was focused on the computer with a serious face, he suddenly had an idea.
#####Chapter 997 Don’t Be Sentimental
Joshua’s gaze fell on the fruit tray, and then he stole a glance at her. Seeing that she was focused on the computer with a serious face, he suddenly had an idea. He picked up a piece of apple with the fork and bit one side of it, leaving the other side dangling in mid-air. He then turned towardsBonnie.
His voice came from his throat albeit vaguely, “Here.”
Bonnie was just done with adjusting the four chat rooms adjacent to each other on the monitor, and when she turned around, Joshua was too close to her. Her face brushed past the apple which made her realize that Joshua was biting an apple without swallowing. The two of them were very close to each other, and if she opened her mouth, she could bit the other end of his apple even without leaning forward.
She furrowed her brows and she didn’t move for some time.
Joshua then cupped her head and sent the apple into her mouth using his own.
The other end of the apple which was in his mouth was warm at the moment because of his mouth. Bonnie was very reluctant to eat that, “Your saliva is all over the apple.”
“I am not filthy anyway.” Joshua asked with a smile, “Is it nice?”
Bonnie didn’t heed him as she continued to look at the monitor while munching on the apple, “I need to report this to the company. Look at this user by the epitaph ‘Call me a queen’, she is talking to four guys at the same time, and she’s playing the role of different occupations every time. She’s pretending to be a mistress of a wealthy person, a nurse, an air stewardess and also the director of a company.”
She pointed at one of the chat rooms, “They have exchanged photos, and I didn’t know where did she get those photos from? She used those women photos and told the guys that she was the one in the photo. Maybe thinking that the guy is hot, she told the guy that she is a director of a company. I am really puzzled because based on their conversation, I found that the other guy has believed her.”
“Who knows, perhaps she’s really a director.”
Bonnie scoffed coldly, “If she really were one, would she have time to talk to four guys at the same time? And she’s taking on different identities too. From what I see, she is a playgirl.”
Joshua looked atBonnie, “How are you so sure that she’s a female? Who knows, it might be a guy, and he has registered a female account too. She might not even be a playgirl for all we know.”
Bonnie didn’t say a word after hearing that.
She realized that she had no words to retort him because what Joshua said made a lot of sense.
“Do you think this person is a scammer? Maybe he or she wants to scam something out of those guys.” Bonnie tried to make a guess.
“You can come up with a policy to put in place preventive measures against scammers. It will be best that the platform will not allow any transactions to happen, especially a financial kind. Since it’s a socializing application, you need to make it a very private-oriented place. Those registered users wouldn’t just reveal who they really are here, so you need to make sure when they are registering, they have to register three times using their phone number, their WhatsApp account and also their Line account. Through verifications by using those, you can define whether those users really exist.”
Bonnie picked up another apple and sent it to Joshua’s mouth and she pleaded, “You should help me fill in the details.”
“Are you trying to bribe me with just an apple?” Joshua didn’t open his mouth.
Bonnie tossed it into her own mouth and said, “I am almost yours. What more can I give you?”
Joshua had a soft spot for her as he moved her from the computer to another spot as he took her place and tried to write a suggestive policy. 
He also included the cons that he had discovered through the usage of this application.
For him, something like this was a piece of cake.
He was able to finish typing after just a few minutes.
He turned around and looked atBonnie, and his face was uncharacteristically solemn, “Bonnie, do you like this job?”
Bonnie stared at him, knowing full well the underlying meaning of his words, “I like it, but if you want me to choose between marrying you and the job, I will just resign.”
She said seriously, “Now that it has launched, I have more free time. When we were still developing it, I always need to work overtime which I think you know. During that period, I was only able to get off work very late into the night. However, since I am in the software development industry, no matter success or failure, there will always be new projects coming up. I will continue to exist in this never-ending cycle, which alternates between busy stretches and also a period when I can rest. Despite this, I know that you are even busier, and if we were really married but still be so busy, nobody would have time to take care of things at home. Now that grandpa’s body is not in good shape, you might need to take over the textile factory very soon. You will even be busier than now. I want to take good care of you, so the only way is to resign from my job so that you won’t have a lot to worry about.”
Joshua didn’t expect her to think that much. Even if he was throwing a question at her, he had also considered their future days after the marriage. He didn’t want the two of them to be stuck in a busy life forever.
Little did he know, she had already made up her mind. She could give up on her job without any problems.
He was indeed very grateful for this fact.
He reached out and took her into his arms.
“You are still very young. You will be abandoned by the flow of society if you stop working at such a young age.”
Bonnie pressed her face on his chest and rubbed against it, “Aren’t you shouldering a lot of responsibilities since a young age? After marrying you, my responsibility will include taking care of the house so that you can focus fully on your career. What’s more, you bear more responsibilities than me too, and back then when Mr. Adams named you, I can see that you are different from your elder siblings.”
She looked up, “I want to see you come back home every day so that you can see me too. I will be ready with cooked food.”
Joshua said nothing as he continued to hold her.
He was thankful for her understanding, and also of her willing sacrifice for his sake.
“Thank you.”
“We are going to walk into the future side by side our whole life, you know. Why are you thanking me now?” Bonnie smiled at him, “Don’t be too sentimental. That’s so not you.”
Joshua narrowed his eyes and suppressed as a mile. He lowered his head and pecked her forehead with a kiss, “I won’t let you down.”
“I trust in you.” Bonnie was all smiles, but she suddenly remembered what happened at the mall, “When I was shopping at the mall with sis today, I think I saw Stanford.”
#####Chapter 998 Wait For My Good News
Although she couldn’t get a good look at that face, from his back and overall image, that person resembled Stanford a lot.
Joshua frowned, “Are you sure about that?”
Bonnie shook her head, “I didn’t see his face, so I can’t say I am one hundred per cent sure. But if I am right, what do you think he is coming to City C for?”
“He still dares to come here?” Joshua’s face was frigid. Bonnie hastily clutched his hand, afraid that he would do something reckless, “Didn’t mum tell us that we shouldn’t have anything to do with him anymore? Don’t you go look for him when the steam gets to your head? If mum knows about that, I wouldn’t know whether she would be angry. Things are looking fine as they are now.”
Although the one who almost caused Amanda’s death was not Stanford and no one would want him to pay up with his life, everything did still start from his divorce from Amanda. He wasn’t the direct cause, but he still indirectly led to the development of things.
It was best for everyone if they all had nothing to do with each other anymore. If she were to really see him again, all she would remember were those unhappy things in the past.
The best thing to do here was to turn Stanford into a stranger.
At least, this was what she thought.
Joshua replied, “I know.”
He patted Bonnie and said, “Sleep earlier. I am going back to my room.”
As he said that, he was getting up too, but Bonnie stopped him and looked up at him, “Do it discreetly. Make sure nobody knows.”
Joshua was caught off guard for a moment before he broke into a smile, “How do you know what I am planning to do?”
“Of course I know. You still have the connections Mr. Adams have left for you, so I surmise that you must want to find people to give Stanford a good beating. However, you won’t show up yourself so that you won’t exactly go against your mum’s wishes too. Am I right?”
“Do you know me that well?” This was what Joshua was planning in his heart.
“Of course, if I don’t know you that well, how dare I marry you? Some more…”
She knelt on the sofa and wrapped her arms around Joshua’s neck, “I agree with what you want to do. He almost caused the death of sis, so a good beating is already light enough punishment for him. I will keep this a secret for your sake.”
Joshua felt a warm current spreading out in his heart. He held her waist and carried her up, which caused her pyjamas to roll up and revealed her pale white waist. Joshua put her onto the bed and pulled down her pyjamas. He covered her with a blanket and said, “Sleep earlier. Wait for my good news.”
Bonnie nodded.
Joshua was a little hesitant at the moment. A dark hue entered his eyes as he wished for the fast advancement of their marriage. He wanted to hug her to sleep as soon as possible.
However, things as they were now, he wasn’t allowed to do that. He left the room and returned to his room. He took out his phone and made a call to send someone to investigate the tenancy of a hotel. He must first make sure whether Stanford was really in City C. 
During breakfast, Matthew announced that he needed to make a trip to City B while eating at the dining table.
“Do you have some unfinished business?” Armand asked.
“I want to pay Noah a visit,” Dolores replied in his stead.
Everyone knew about the relationship between Noah and Dolores.
Armand stopped his probing.
“Let me book your flight for you.” Joshua offered as he was about to go get his phone, but Dolores stopped him, “Your dad has already done that.”
Joshua returned to his seat and said, “You should tell me earlier. I’ll do it for you.”
Dolores added more milk for her son while her heart continued to go out for Joshua in the form of regrets and love. 
Joshua was the one who left her the earliest, so she always felt that she didn’t bear enough responsibility towards him.
“You’re so busy. We can do such trivial things ourselves.” Her gaze fell on Bonnie, “Do you have anything you want? I’ll bring it back for you.”
Bonnie shook her head, “No, I don’t need anything.”
Matthew remained silent throughout the whole exchange. When City B was brought up, he would never fail to get reminded of those unhappy moments in the past.
Not long after breakfast, Joshua sent them to the airport.
It was a flight that was scheduled to depart at nine.
Noah was the one who came to welcome them when they arrived. 
They didn’t plan to overstay here, so they had travelled light without any luggage. All they had was a simple backpack which contained some change of clothes.
Noah took the backpack and said with a smile, “Knowing that you guys are coming, I can’t even sleep well. The vehicle’s out there.”
He led the way in front.
Dolores scanned her surroundings and a familiar feeling gripped her. It had been some time since she last came here.
A military jeep was parked outside the airport, and it came with a driver too.
Noah was someone with admirable ranking nowadays.
He was still as respectful as ever towards Dolores and Matthew since he had come to get them personally.
After getting on the jeep, they were taken back to the Harris family home to enjoy a meal. After that, the three of them went to the study to begin some serious conversation. 
“Noah, we come here this time because we have something we want to ask you.” Dolores began, “You always tell us that Andrew is carrying out a special mission, and although I understand the nature of his work, we haven’t heard from him for four months. So, I want to ask you, does this special mission not coming to an end anytime soon?”
Noah’s face flashed a momentary discomfort when Andrew appeared in the conversation, but he hastily smiled, “It’s not ending anytime soon. I figure it’s half a year away from that.”
After saying that, he turned around to get some water. He dared not meet Dolores’ eyes.
Matthew who was beside her noticed the fleeting panicking expression on Noah’s face, but he didn’t interrogate him in front of Dolores.
“Back then when you arranged for him to walk this path, we didn’t object to it since naturally, this is what he wants as well. However, in hindsight, we are regretting the decision lately.”
She missed him, and she was busy as ever. Ever since Andrew had enlisted in the military, she could even count on her fingers the number of times they had met.
“Drink some water. Everything will be okay. You know, it’s a special mission in the end, and it’s an order that came directly from our superior. Not many people know about this for his safety’s sake, and those who know about his whereabouts are far and few in between. If his mission were completed, he would have informed you guys, no? Joshua is going to marry, and if he knew that, he would have come back here too. You can see that I can’t get in touch with him too since he’s in the thick of the mission, no?”
Dolores accepted the glass of water and clutched it warily in her hands. She gazed at Noah, “You’re right. If you have any news, you must tell me immediately so that I can rest assured.”
“Got it.” Noah put on an awkward and unnatural smile as he replied.
#####Chapter 999 Lost Contact
After asking about her son, Dolores asked about Noah’s son, “Why didn’t I see Edmund when we were eating just now?”
“Alas.” He wouldn’t have sighed if his son was not brought up. Bringing him up would just induce his headache, “He was unwilling to enlist in the military back then as he insisted to do what he loved. Now, he doesn’t even have any achievements. He has been spoiled greatly by his mum.”
“Do you mean that he’s my son and not yours?” Chloe came in with a tray of freshly sliced fruits and she happened to overhear Noah’s words. She refuted, “You said that I keep spoiling him, but did you ever keep him in check?”
“You know that I am always swamped with work,” Noah replied albeit a little unconvincingly and weakly. 
“You are saying that you are busy, so you have no time to look after him. I am the one doing that, yet you are saying that I am spoiling him. You’re putting me in a difficult position here.” Chloe put the tray down on the table and smiled at Dolores, “Edmund is just like him when he was still young. He wouldn’t listen to his parents, and all he knows is going out and fool around.”
Dolores smiled back at her, “The son naturally takes after the father.”
Noah didn’t know what to say to that.
That was because when he was young, he used to oppose his father too.
“This is in the genetics. His temperament is successfully transferred to his son.” Chloe remarked.
“Oh, right, I have something I need to discuss with you.” Chloe looked at Dolores.
Dolores urged her to go on.
“Then let’s talk out there.” Chloe came over and the two of them exited the study.
When the door of the study was closed, Dolores asked, “What do you want to ask me?”
“It’s about Joshua’s impending wedding. Should I prepare a gift or two gifts? What should I prepare?” Chloe thought about Boyce and how they were still talking after all those years, and it was because of Matthew too. To be more specific, it was his daughter who was going to marry, so Chloe was thinking whether she should prepare another present.
She didn’t need to think hard about Joshua as she would certainly prepare a present for him, but what about Bonnie? What should she prepare for her?
“One is enough.” Dolores didn’t mind this at all.
“That won’t do.” Chloe still thought that the two presents were appropriate since both sides were familiar with each other. One side was getting a daughter in law while the other side was marrying away from their daughter.
Dolores smiled, “From what you say, I should prepare presents for Jasmine? Just because their daughter is getting married?”
Chloe smiled back at her, “I think that’s what I mean. That couple will need to prepare presents too since your son is marrying a wife into the family.”
“Don’t you think things will get messy by that time?” Dolores poured herself a glass of water and gulped it down.
Back in the study, Noah wanted to go out too, “Why don’t we take a stroll?”
He wouldn’t have felt so guilty when Dolores was here, but when faced with Matthew by himself, he would still feel intimidated, even though he was not young anymore. 
Matthew cut to the chase, “Tell me, what is exactly going on?”
“Do you think Andrew is met with some kind of danger?” Matthew stood up and walked to Noah, “Of course I will always wish for my son’s well-being but I need to know his true condition. You can’t hide that from me.”
Noah sounded a little helpless, “Can’t you see that I was just worried about you guys worrying? Amanda’s incident has just passed, so do you think I can bring it up?”
Matthew’s face immediately became tense. He was worried about his son in his heart, but his face showed that he was calm, “Just tell me. I will make sure word won’t get out.”
He was implying that he wouldn’t break it to Dolores.
Noah pressed his lips and began, “When Andrew was doing a mission, to save a teammate…”
He really didn’t dare to finish his sentence.
Matthew shut his eyes and tried his best to keep his facial expression in check. He forced out a word with his ominous, low voice, “Say it!”
#####Chapter 1000 I Have Booked the Hotel
Noah’s face froze for a second before he finally revealed, “I have lost contact with Andrew. We are looking for him as we speak, and once we have anything we will inform you in the earliest timing.”
Matthew’s palms which were on two sides of his body slowly balled up into fists. His voice sounded a little exasperated, “How long has it been?”
“It’s been… half a month.” After saying that, Noah looked down at the floor.
Matthew’s heart was in a mess now but it barely showed on his face. He was afraid that his composure would break, and he would disclose it to Dolores, which would complicate things. Based on how Dolores was holding up, the worst thing that could happen was her falling sick again.
“I see. You must keep it a secret. You can’t even tell this to your family.” He meant to hint that Noah shouldn’t tell this to Chloe too in order to prevent her from accidentally spilling the beans to Dolores.
“I got it. I never tell anyone yet. You’re the only that heard it from me.” Noah looked torn as he said that.
“Was the situation precarious at that time?” Matthew wanted to find out more.
“I heard that it’s dangerous, and it’s not just only him. His whole team had faced much difficulty.” 
Noah wasn’t with them at that time, and he only learnt about this when he heard it from survivors of that mission himself. 
Matthew told him, “Tonight, we will stay at the hotel.”
“We have space here at home.” Noah tried to make him stay, “We have tidied up the room too.”
“You can’t even hide it from me, so what if she found out? It’s not like you don’t know about her health condition.” Matthew had made up his mind.
Noah had nothing to say to that. Indeed, he was not a good keeper of secrets, and he had revealed the chinks in his armour in front of Matthew just a moment ago, even though not many people could fool someone like Matthew even if they wanted to.
He was like a clairvoyant. 
“That would do too. However, since it’s been decided that you are staying here, how should you explain to her about the sudden change in staying place?” Noah asked worriedly.
“I will explain it to here. You don’t need to worry about this.” Matthew’s voice turned a notch lower.
He had some ideas circulating in his mind, so Noah said nothing to that. In fact, he was fearful to face Dolores too. What if Dolores noticed something strange about him? He wouldn’t know how to explain.
It was a good idea for them to stay outside later on. At least, he wouldn’t appear very nervous if she were to ask about Andrew again. 
Matthew loitered in the study for some time before finally getting up. Chloe was still talking to Dolores in the living room.
“Let’s go,” Matthew announced.
“Aren’t we staying here tonight?” Before Dolores could ask, Chloe had asked in her stead.
“It’s been too long since we were here. There’s a place we need to go to.” Matthew simply answered, and Noah added to his excuse on the side, “They haven’t come here for a long time, so they must have many places they want to visit.”
Chloe stopped asking and Dolores got up at and looked at Matthew. She asked, “Where are we going? Why didn’t I hear about this before?”
Matthew answered noncommittally, “I just didn’t tell you about this in advance. Let’s get going now.”
“Okay.” Dolores agreed, looking like she didn’t get suspicious.
After that, they left the Harris family house. When Noah and Chloe returned to their house and no one was around, Dolores asked, “Why do I sense something off about you?”
Matthew glanced at her out of the corner of her eyes, “What’s off about me?”
“Didn’t we agree to stay here? Why are we suddenly going to some other place? Was the conversation with Noah just now end on an unhappy note? Did you make him angry?” Dolores asked.
However, thinking back to the time they came out of the study, nothing unusual could be seen about them. The two of them acted and looked normal. They didn’t look like they just had an argument or a fight.
Matthew took her hands and said, “I just want to go around the city with you. It’s not too comfortable with them around.”
Dolores was in a daze as she pondered the possibility of him getting emotional as he had returned to City B now, “Don’t you think that time has wings? In the blink of an eye, the children have all grown up and we are getting older. Coming back and taking a stroll in this familiar city really is a nostalgic feeling.”
The two of them walked on aimlessly.
Matthew said calmly, “With you by my side, everywhere is the same to me.”
Dolores commented that he was being sentimental.
After some unknown period, Dolores felt a little tired, “I am feeling a little tired now. Shall we rest at a place?” 
Matthew replied, “I have booked a hotel.”
“Then let’s go there.” She said.
Matthew agreed with her and he hailed a taxi to bring them to the hotel.
After washing up and getting ready to sleep, Dolores told him that she was thirsty. Matthew went to pour a glass of water for her, but his mind wandered when he was pouring the water to the point that he didn’t notice the glass overflowing. Dolores hastily came over and took away the water flash, “What are you thinking about? The water is overflowing.”
If this were the past, something like this would never happen. However, he was old now, and although his heart was still strong as steel, he wasn’t that steely and stony about accepting certain things.
His son had gone missing for half a month, so there was no way he could be always calm and chill. How could he look unperturbed? His facade would break and show the tiniest flaw from time to time.
However, Dolores didn’t notice that. She just thought that he was ill, “What’s wrong with you?”
As she said that, she touched his forehead to test the temperature.
Matthew replied, “I am fine.”
Dolores asked him to go into bed first. She went to wipe the table clean of water.
At this moment in City C, when Amanda heard that Joan was leaving, she offered to see him off.
After all, Joan came back to the country because of her. Now that he’s going back, she should send him off due to courtesy. 
However, Joan rejected her knowing full well that Amanda was seeing him off due to certain reasons.
He didn’t like to force things on others, and he also didn’t like to feel indebted to others.
In fact, Amanda was never indebted to him, and back then when he came back with her, it was his own free will.
However, Amanda insisted, and she ended up sending him to the airport anyway. While on the way back, she bumped into Stanford. This was not a coincidental meeting. Stanford was here to look for her.
#####Chapter 1001 What Happened to My Brother?
“We’ve agreed last time. We must talk in private,” said Stanford first.
Amanda said, “Okay. But I hope you can keep your promise. After you’ve told me what you want to speak, you can’t come to bother me anymore.”
Stanford looked down a bit, his thick eyelashes covering his ink-black pupils. He hummed in a low voice.
“Let’s go.” He moved first. Amanda followed him.
“Go ahead and tell me what you want to speak. I’m quite busy,” said Amanda impatiently.
Stanford turned to look at her. When he was about to speak, a car parked on the roadside. Seven or eight men got off with the baseball bats, surrounding Amanda and Stanford together.
“Who are you?” Stanford frowned.
“Are you Stanford James?” The lead didn’t answer his question. Instead, he wanted to confirm Stanford’s identity.
Stanford stood in front of Amanda protectively. “I am. I’m the one you’re looking for. Let her go.”
“Sure. We’re looking for you. We won’t hurt anyone innocent.” Stanford was their only target.
Stanford didn’t know who they were, but he knew that they came for him. He whispered to Amanda, “Hurry up and leave here.”
“Who have you offended?” Amanda didn’t leave immediately. Watching the scene, she frowned. “How dare they do such a thing in broad daylight?”
Stanford noticed that she slightly frowned, and suddenly his heart fluctuated. He wondered if she cared about him.
“Do you still care about me?” he asked in a gentle tone, trying hard to cover his excitement.
Amanda let out a laugh. “What do your life and death have to do with me?”
Then she turned away without looking back.
Stanford gazed at her receding figure and asked, “If something happens to me, will you remember me?”
“No, I won’t,” answered Amanda ruthlessly, “You’ve never been in my life.”
Bang--
Suddenly, a bat was smashed on Stanford’s back. He frowned and let out a groan. Then he grabbed the bat over.
Right then, the seven or eight men rushed to attack him altogether. No matter how capable Stanford would be, he found it difficult to deal with all of them.
Those men acted strategically. Stanford was good at fighting, but he was still beaten hard.
Amanda didn’t walk far away. When she looked back, she saw Stanford struggling hard while fighting against the gang. Even if he didn’t have an upper hand, he refused to fall.
Her eyelashes trembled. In the end, she pulled out the phone and called the emergency number. She whispered to herself, “Just for the sake that we use to know each other.”
Then she yelled, “I’ve called the police. Fuck off if you don’t want to go to jail!”
Upon hearing her voice, Stanford looked back, only to find that Amanda was standing nearby with her cell phone in her hand. He wondered if she still truly care about him. He confirmed his thought. Otherwise, she would have left here.
He curled up his lips into a faint smile. He didn’t think it was a misfortune at all. Instead, he felt lucky.
He was so lucky that Amanda still cared about him.
Bang!
A man behind Stanford suddenly smashed the bat on his head. His pupils shrank tightly. Thick blood oozed among his hair.
“Stanford!” Amanda’s heart was softened at this moment. She trotted towards him, but it was too late. Stanford fell to the ground.
The men who attacked him hurriedly got in the car and left.
“Stanford--” Amanda hesitated for a moment and squatted down to hold him. “Are you all right?”
Right then, Stanford only saw black. He gradually became unconscious, but seemingly he could still see the woman in front of him.
He raised his hand...
Before his fingers reached her cheek, his hand fell suddenly.
Amanda wiped the blood on his head. “Stanford James, you still haven’t told me what you want to speak. You can’t die!”
The police car rushed over and sent him to the hospital.
While Stanford was under rescue, the police asked Amanda to make a statement.
“I don’t know who they are,” said Amanda frankly.
The policeman nodded and said, “The other party must know this location well. They avoided the location with surveillance. You also don’t remember the car plate. It’s quite difficult for us to investigate.”
“They truly didn’t have a car plate on the car. All I can remember is a black Honda MPV.” Amanda did check the car.
“There are too many similar cars. Without anything special, it’s quite difficult to find it. According to your statement, we can roughly guess the other party deliberately has done it. They moved fast and left fast, leaving without any trace. Has he offended anyone?”
Amanda was taken aback for a moment. She also guessed so. Probably...
That was just her guess only.
“I guess it must be his opponent in business. They wanted to attack him. He’s from City B. Probably those men came from that city as well.” She deliberately distracted the police’s attention.
She was afraid that those men had something to do with her.
“Okay. We’ll ask the victim for more information after he wakes up. If he wants us to look into this matter, we’ll contact the police in City B and transfer this case,” said the policeman.
Amanda nodded.
“How’s my brother doing?” George and Atwood rushed in.
Amanda contacted Atwood, and she didn’t know that George was here as well.
#####Chapter 1002 Couple Used-to-be
While they were walking in the corridor, George couldn’t help asking already.
Atwood was calmer than George. When seeing Amanda, he asked, “When Mr. James had the incident, were you with him?”
Amanda said, “Yes. Since you guys arrived, I’ve gotta go now.”
“Wait,” Atwood stopped her. “You should know what happened at that time, right?”
Amanda looked at him coldly. “What’s your point? Do you hint this incidence has anything to do with me?”
Atwood didn’t answer as if it was tacit approval.
“We’ve got some information from the scene. It was this young lady who called the police,” said a policeman beside them.
Atwood did doubt that it had something to do with Amanda. After all, it happened to Stanford when she was with him. Besides, Amanda had the motive.
“I’m sorry, but I...” said Atwood.
“Not necessary!” Amanda strode away.
Gorge stood outside the emergency room, walking back and forth anxiously. “I wonder how he’s doing now. Did he hurt seriously?”
Atwood ignored him. He trotted following Amanda.
Right then, Amanda had been out of the outpatient building. Atwood saw her figure and called, “Wait a moment, Mrs. James.”
Amanda stopped on the steps, turned around, and looked at him. Atwood trotted to her. Before he started speaking, Amanda gazed at him coldly and said, “You just suspected me to harm Stanford James. Now you call me Mrs. James. Atwood Barret, don’t you feel contradictory?”
Atwood lowered his head and said, “I’m sorry for misunderstanding you.”
“Not necessary.” Amanda raised her hand. “It was me who has done it. What do you plan to do to me?”
“I dare not do anything,” said Atwood.
Amanda smiled. “Since you don’t have the balls, you’d better stop suspect others at random. By the way, stop calling me Mrs. James. I’m not married, all right?”
“You are Mr. James’s wife.” Atwood looked up at her. “Mr. James has difficulties...”
“Stop telling me anything about him!” Amanda interrupted him. “I’m not Mrs. James any longer. Please don’t ever call me this way again. Or, you can’t blame me for being rude to you!”
“I’ve been used to it...”
“Is that all that you want to talk to me?” Amanda interrupted him. “I don’t have time to waste on your nonsense.”
“No.” Atwood immediately shook his head and said, “Mr. James is still in the operation room. I wonder how he’s doing now. Mrs... Ms. Nelson, can you stay a bit longer? If Mr. James could see you after coming out of the operation room, he must be quite happy.”
Amanda was amused by his words. “Atwood, I’ve divorced him. You should know it clearly. Why should I stay? Tell me.”
“You used to be a couple...”
“Yes, we used to be a couple. When he asked me to divorce him, did he thought about it? He killed my baby in person, and I almost died. Atwood Barret, have you plead him for mercy for me?”
Atwood was rendered speechless.
“No matter what happens to him, it has nothing to do with me. Don’t bother me with his matter.” After finishing her words, she walked down the steps and left.
It was pretty easy for her to hail a cab in front of the hospital because there was a large flow of people. She found a taxi easily and went home.
Bonnie was the only one at home. She had just finished her work. Her boss was quite happy with her report, so she had two-day off.
Hence, she took this chance to relax at home. She also bought some ingredients from a supermarket, ready to cook today.
“Hi, Amanda.” Bonnie walked over in slippers with the kitten in her arms. “Has Jos come back?” asked Amanda.
“He’s not working overtime today and he’ll knock off as usual. Amanda, do you want to see him?” asked Bonnie.
Amanda raised her wrist and checked the time. It was still early. Joshua would be home in several hours. “I’ll go to find him in his company, then,” Amanda said while turned around to walk out.
Bonnie looked at her and asked tentatively, “Amanda, has anything happened? I can tell you are quite anxious.”
Amanda smiled. “Nothing. I just want to ask him about some trifle. You finally had a few days off. You should take a nap.”
Bonnie nodded, watching her leave.
After closing the door, Bonnie put down the kitten, walked to the sofa, picked up the cell phone, and called Joshua on the phone.
The robotic voice informed her that his line was busy.
Bonnie hung it up. She held her phone and waited for a while before dialling Joshua’s number again. This time, the call was connected.
“Joshua, who were you talking on the phone,” asked Bonnie.
“Nothing. Why are you calling me? Do you miss me? I’ll go home to accompany you without working overtime tonight. Don’t you remember?”
“Well,” Bonnie asked, “Have you done that matter?”
There was a moment of silence from the other end of the line. Joshua had just received the response that the matter was completed. Then Bonnie called him right away. It was pretty soon.
“Ehn,” Joshua answered.
“Just now, Amanda came to look for you. Since you are not home, she’s heading to your company now. I wonder if it has anything to do with that matter,” said Bonnie.
She wasn’t certain, so she informed Joshua ahead to get him prepared.
“I got it,” said Joshua indifferently.
“Will Amanda be mad at you?” Bonnie asked worriedly.
“It’s alright. Just stay home, good girl. I’m her biological brother. I’ve just taught Stanford James a lesson on her behalf. She should thank me. All right. I’m quite busy. I’ve gotta go now.”
“Okay. Come home earlier tonight. I bought your favourite food. I’ll cook for you tonight.”
#####Chapter 1003 You’ve Become Wicked
Joshua said OK. After hanging up, he didn’t put down the phone. Instead, he dialed another number.
The call soon got connected.
Then he heard a voice. “Hello, Mr. Lennon.”
“Ehn. Are you sure you have left no trace this time? I don’t want any trouble.” Joshua confirmed again if there would be any trace that could be found out. He didn’t want to cause any unnecessary trouble.
“Mr. Lennon, please rest assured. We’ve done it perfectly.”
Joshua hummed. Then he said, “Ask them to behave themselves recently. They can’t cause any trouble.”
“No worries. We won’t.”
“I’ve wired some money to your account. Please reward them.”
“That’s just a trifle. You don’t need to...”
“All right. I’ve gotta go now.”
“Okay. Thank you, Mr. Lennon.”
After hanging up the phone, Joshua put it down. Sitting at the desk, he rubbed between his eyebrows. He looked a bit exhausted. Then he pressed the internal line button and said to his secretary, “I’ll not deal with businesses today. Please cancel my business meals as well.”
“Yes, Mr. Lennon.”
He leaned against the back of the chair, closing his eyes for a rest.
In about twenty minutes, there were a few knocks on the door of his office.
He opened his eyes and said indifferently, “Come in.”
Soon, the office door was opened.
Amanda walked in. Joshua smiled. “What brought you down here to visit me today?”
He pretended as if he knew nothing.
Amanda didn’t beat around the bush with him. She asked, “Did you find someone to teach Stanford James a lesson?”
Joshua looked at her. “Are you interrogating me?”
“No, I’m not.” Amanda looked into his eyes. “Just tell me yes or no.”
“Why are you so persistent with this question? So what if I did or I didn’t? Will you get mad at me because of this matter?”
Amanda pulled away from the chair in front of his desk and sat down. “If you have done it, I know you did it for my own good.”
“So? Are you here to thank me?” Joshua slightly raised his eyebrows. Judging from her expression, he didn’t think she was here to thank him at all.
“I just don’t want to have anything to do with Stanford James. Since you did so, in case someone caught it on you, you would have trouble.” Amanda didn’t want to drag any of her family into the mere because of Stanford’s matter.
“You should trust me more.” Joshua looked at Amanda. “Although we have different family names, we’re siblings from the same parents. You’ve been bullied. How can I sit and watch without doing anything? I’ve just beaten him up. I didn’t mean to kill him. I know what I’m doing. There would be no trouble. Even if he wants to look into the matter, he won’t find anything. Even if he suspects me, he can’t find any evidence.”
Amanda looked at him, heaving a sigh. Joshua was an adult. He was in charge of such a huge company. She knew he must have thought twice before taking any action.
Hence, she didn’t speak more. She came here to care about him, afraid that he would cause any trouble because Stanford wasn’t worth it.
“I’m taking off now.”
Amanda stood up.
“Why don’t you stay longer? I’ll ask my secretary to make you a cup of coffee.” Joshua didn’t move.
Amanda reached the door. Suddenly, she paused and looked back at him, “Jos, I found that you’ve become wicked.”
“In what way?” Joshua asked.
“You know it yourself.” After that, Amanda closed the door of his office and left.
In the hospital.
Stanford was pushed out of the operation room after two hours.
“How’s my brother doing, Doc? It’s not life-threatening, isn’t it?” George asked while grabbing the doctor’s sleeve.
The doctor looked at him and asked, “Are you the patient’s family?”
George nodded. “Yes, I am.”
“His life is not in danger for the time being. We need to give him a further checkup after he wakes up.”
George couldn’t keep calm, wondering what the doctor meant.
“Doc, why just for the time being?”
The doctor explained, “Through the CT examination, we found a shadow in his brain. Now we can’t determine what this shadow is. We can only make specific analysis after he wakes up.”
Atwood pulled George, who was excited. “We’d better send Mr. James to the ward. Let’s wait until he wakes up.”
George looked at him, nodding finally.
Stanford didn’t wake up until the next day after being pushed into the ward.
Neither Atwood nor George left. They had been watching him all the time.
Stanford’s head was bandaged, looking not so pale. He opened his eyes gradually, only to smell the smell of disinfectant in the ward. He also saw that he was in an unknown room. Slightly frowning, he felt strong migraine.
“Hi, Mr. James.” Atwood woke up first. He found that Stanford had already woken up, so he asked in excitement, “Are you feeling all right?”
Stanford looked at him expressionlessly. However, he couldn’t recall who Atwood was.
“Are you feeling uncomfortable?” Atwood didn’t get any response, so he asked with concerns, “Shall I call the doctor over?”
Stanford still didn’t answer. His eyes and expression were without any emotion as if he wasn’t used to such an unknown environment. He also seemed to not know Atwood.
Atwood sensed his abnormality. He trotted to call the doctor over to check up on Stanford.
Soon, the doctor rushed in and pushed Stanford to the examination room.
#####Chapter 1004 Am I Supposed to Give It to Someone
After a series of examinations, the doctor asked George and Atwood to go to his office. He wanted to ask them about Stanford’s medical record, and also he had something to tell him.
“Through the examination on the shadow in his brain, we found it might be extravasated blood. However, it doesn’t seem to be caused this time. Has his brain-injured before?” asked the doctor.
Atwood said, “He used to have a car accident abroad. His leg was injured, but his head...” He thought about it and continued, “The doctor didn’t mention his head was also injured.”
“It was caused internally. There was one possibility that he didn’t have an obvious injury externally.”
George couldn’t be so calm as Atwood. He asked, “Doc, please tell us directly what happened to my brother?”
The doctor thought for a moment and answered, “I guess the extravasated blood in his brain has pressed his memory nerves, so he has forgotten something. That’s why he looked blank when he woke up.”
George almost lost his mind. “Are you kidding me, Doc? We’re not in a TV drama or a novel. How could he lose his memories?”
“Can you just shut up?” Atwood snapped, “Let’s listen to the doctor first.”
George couldn’t accept the fact at all. Hence, he couldn’t keep calm. “Haven’t you heard what the doctor just said?” he asked.
“If you kept making noises, could Mr. James get better?” Atwood was completely angry. “If you spoke again, I’ll throw you out.”
George snorted. “Who do you think you are? I dare you to throw me out!”
The doctor thought that they were too noisy. He said indifferently, “Can you just finish arguing with each other outside, please? When you calm down, we can continue talking.”
Both men shushed immediately, especially George. If it were Atwood who had said so, he wouldn’t quiet down so quickly.
“I believe you both should have known the current condition now. We also have ways to cure him. After all, medical skills are highly developed now. Even the craniotomy is quite advanced now, which is also the only way to cure him. You’d better discuss whether to take this operation or not. After all, all operations have risks.” After finishing his words, the doctor asked them to leave the office. “You can think about it first.”
Atwood and George were completely silent. Out of the doctor’s office, they were walking in the corridor quietly.
It seemed that they were still digesting what the doctor had said.
When they almost arrived at the door of Stanford’s ward, neither spoke.
When Atwood pushed the door open, he saw Stanford looked over at them when heard the sound of the door. Stanford was in a striped patient gown with a bandaged head.
Looking at Stanford, Atwood didn’t know what to speak.
To be exact, he was still unwilling to believe what the doctor had said. He was Stanford’s immediate relative, so he couldn’t make any decisions.
George also dared not to make any decisions easily.
After all, there were risks for the operation. In case, some accident happened, George wouldn’t forgive himself.
He smiled at Stanford. “Hi, Stanford.”
Stanford didn’t respond to him. He said, “You may wait outside.”
George blinked. “Stanford, I’m your younger brother. If you need any help, you can tell me. I can do it for you.”
“I don’t have anything for you to do,” said Stanford.
“All right.” George was a bit disappointed. He turned around and walked out. When passing Atwood by, he glanced at Atwood.
Atwood ignored him. After George went out, he closed the door of the ward and looked at Stanford. “Yes, Mr. James?” he asked.
Stanford didn’t reply to him for a long time.
“I’m Atwood Barret,” Atwood said, “I’ve been working for you for several years.”
“Do you know why I wanted you to stay here alone with me?” Stanford asked him.
Atwood shook his head.
“You are the first person I’ve seen after I woke up. I guess you must be close to me,” he said.
Atwood nodded. “Of course.”
“Why did I get injured?” asked Stanford.
He had forgotten everything. Now his mind was completely blank.
He could only think and examine everyone around him by his thoughts.
The police had put this case on file already, but they failed to find any clue. Atwood answered honestly, “You were attacked by some gangsters.”
“Did I offend anyone?” Stanford asked again.
Atwood guessed that it might have something to do with Amanda. After all, her younger brother was in City C with a large influence. He could definitely do such a thing without any trace.
However, Atwood had no evidence.
He shook his head and answered, “I don’t know either. It might be a robbery.”
Stanford frowned. “Ehn?” 
Atwood gave him all the belongings from his pocket. “Mr. James, please take a look at them.”
Stanford took them over. He saw a wallet, a wristwatch, and a ring.
He concentrated on the ring. “This ring...” he asked.
Atwood also saw it and recognized it.
It was a ring customized for Amanda when Stanford was marrying her. Later, they divorced and Amanda vanished, the ring was missing. Then the ring appeared in an auction. Stanford spent three hundred thirty million to buy it back. He wanted to put it back on Amanda’s ring finger.
He had been in City C all the time just for doing such a thing.
Stanford looked up at Atwood and asked, “Am I supposed to give it to someone?”
#####Chapter 1005 For the Sake that You Used to Be a Couple
Atwood hesitated, wondering if he should tell Stanford or not. He was in a dilemma.
Stanford frowned. “Why didn’t you answer me?”
“You bought the ring from an auction. I never heard whom you’ll give it to,” said Atwood while lowering his head. He dared not look into Stanford’s eyes, afraid that Stanford would find his sense of guilt.
“Really?” Stanford said expressionlessly, looking down a bit. He always thought that the ring was supposed to give to someone.
However, he couldn’t recall it at all.
Looking at his hesitant face, Atwood wanted to say something but swallowed his words back.
Sometimes, he believed that it was a good thing for Stanford. It would be way too difficult to win Amanda’s heart back. Besides, Amanda had a nice man around her now. It would be more difficult to win her back.
If Stanford truly had forgotten everything, probably he could fall in love with another woman and spent the rest of his life with her.
Buzz--
Atwood’s cell phone suddenly started vibrating. He pulled out the phone and swiped to answer. It was some errands in the company, which needed Stanford to deal with. Since they couldn’t reach Stanford’s phone, they called Atwood.
“I see. We’ll go back as soon as possible,” said Atwood.
Upon hearing the answer on the other end of the line, he hung it up. Then he looked up at Stanford and said, “Mr. James, there are a lot of businesses in the company. Please let me go back.”
Stanford didn’t agree immediately. He said, “You may leave now. I’ll think about it.”
He always thought that he had forgotten something important. However, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t recall it at all.
Atwood left the room. George was sitting on the bench in the corridor. Hearing the sound, he saw Atwood walk out of the ward. George asked, “What did my brother tell you?”
Atwood sat next to him. “What do you think about Mr. James’s health issue? You are his family. I don’t have the right to make the decision.”
George’s mind was still in a mess, and he didn’t make up his mind yet.
“I don’t know,” he said.
Of course, he wanted Stanford to recall everything, but he was afraid of the operational risks. After all, it would be an operation on Stanford’s head.
Just in case...
George couldn’t afford to bear the risks at all.
“You know my brother isn’t close to our family. Of course, it’s my parents’ fault. He has suffered a lot before achieving his current status. If I decide to harm him, what should I do?” said George.
It turned out that neither of them dared to make the decision.
“Shall we go to find Ms. Nelson?” asked Atwood.
George turned to look at him, wondering what he meant. “She’s already divorced with my brother. She’s not his family anymore, is she? Besides, she still hates my brother. Do you think she would make a decision for my brother’s good?”
Atwood said, “No. I didn’t mean to let her decide. Even if we asked her to, according to her current attitude towards Mr. James, she wouldn’t agree. I meant, we should let her know Mr. James’s current status. Probably she would become soft-hearted. Probably she would forgive Mr. James. What do you think?”
George thought for a moment and said, “Okay. Let’s go to see her together.”
Atwood agreed.
Since they have achieved an agreement, they took an action immediately. After settling Stanford down in the hospital, they went to Amanda’s residence in City C. Since they couldn’t call her, they waited outside the residence in the dark, afraid that the Nelson family would see them.
When Amanda came out of Joshua’s company, she returned home directly. Bonnie was the only one at home, so Amanda wanted to come back to accompany her. However, as soon as she got off the car, she was stopped by Atwood and George.
“Excuse me, Ms. Nelson. Can we talk to you, please?” asked Atwood.
Amanda looked at him coldly. “Cut the crap and go ahead. I’m quite busy.”
“Can we talk in a private place?”
Amanda didn’t think it was necessary. “Just go ahead and speak. Or, please excuse me.”
“Don’t you care about my brother at all?” asked George.
“Does he have anything to do with me?” Amanda was running out of patience. “If you want to tell me about his matter, you can leave now. Besides, don’t ever bother me such matters in the future.”
“Last time when you left City B, Mr. James went after you. On the way, he had a car accident. His legs were injured. Otherwise, he would have followed you to Thailand. Later, he heard you have a new boyfriend in Thailand. Before completely recovering, he rushed over. That nasty man named Joan used some despicable means, trying to trap us. Fortunately, we were also tough.
“Mr. James followed you back to City C, aiming to be reconciled with you. This time, he was set up. I guess you must know who has done it to him, right?”
Atwood always suspected that this incident had something to do with the Nelson family.
“Have you done?” Amanda gazed at Atwood sharply. “If you don’t have any solid evidence, you’d better not slander others. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be so easygoing next time.”
As she spoke, she was heading into the yard. When she reached the door, she paused and said, “You’d better leave now.”
She didn’t want her family to encounter them.
George followed her to the door and stared at her. “My brother was hit on the head. The car accident last time caused extravasated blood in his brain, so he has forgotten the past. The doctor said if he wants to recover, he needs to take the operation. You know such kind of operation is riskier than normal ones. We don’t know what to do now. For the sake that you use to be a couple, please help us.”
#####Chapter 1006 My Son Is so Cowardly
Amanda paused a bit, frowning slightly. She looked back at George and asked, “What do you mean?”
“My brother’s head was injured, so he has forgotten everything in the past. He even can’t recognize me. He’ll only recover after he will take an operation. Please help us make a decision. Or, could you go to visit him, please?” George said in a pleading tone.
Amanda was only surprised for a second, and then she returned to normal. “That’s a good thing. He won’t come to pester me again. And you as well, don’t ever come to bother me in the future.”
After finishing her words, she entered the house and closed the door, having no intention to agree with them at all.
George was disappointed. “Is her heart as cold as a stone? My brother has become like that, but she doesn’t care about him at all.”
Atwood heaved a sigh. “It’s alright. We’ve tried our best. Let’s go.”
He pulled the door of the car open and sat in, George followed him. “What should we do next?” he asked.
Atwood thought for a moment. “Why don’t we go back to City B first? That’s our territory. We can find a hospital to check up on Mr. James. Then we’ll know what to do next.”
“What if he must have the operation?” asked George.
Atwood looked at him. “Have you ever thought it’s actually better for Mr. James to forget his past?”
George became excited instantly. “What are you talking about? Do you want to take this chance to steal his company?”
“Do you think everyone is like your mother?” Atwood didn’t want to mention those things, but he was quite upset. Who did George think he was to judge him that way?
George was also pissed. He knew his mother was quite greedy and didn’t treat Stanford well, but she was his mother. He could think of her that way, but when others criticized her in his presence, George was quite unhappy.
Atwood didn’t want to argue with him at all. He said in a more friendly tone, “You’ve seen Amanda Nelson’s attitude now. After she got to Mr. James’s current status, her heart wasn’t softened at all. It’s almost impossible for her to be reconciled with Mr. James.”
“What’s your point?” asked George.
“If Mr. James’s memory is recovered, he’ll be quite regretful and upset about his past. He will still insist on winning back Amanda Nelson’s heart although he knows it’s impossible. He should forget everything than suffering while remembering his past,” said Atwood.
George frowned. “What do you mean exactly? You don’t want to cure him, do you?”
“The treatment is risky. If he doesn’t take the operation, he won’t need to take the risk of the operation, and nor will he need to feel upset for Amanda. If in the future, he falls in love with another woman, she can take care of him. Isn’t it good?”
George still couldn’t agree with him. He just thought that the decision shouldn’t be made by them but by Stanford himself.
“I need to think about it.”
George started the engine and drove away.
After Stanford stayed in the hospital for two days, Atwood started talking about the company businesses to him, letting him get familiar with everything as soon as possible.
On the third day after the incident, they went back to City B.
When Atwood took Stanford to a hospital in City B for a group consultation, George went back to the James’s and told his parents about Stanford’s status. He hoped that they could give him some suggestions so that he could make a correct decision.
However, upon hearing the news, Alyssa became so excited. “What did you say? Stanford has lost his memory?”
George nodded. “Yes. In City C, his head was hit and injured. Although his life isn’t in danger, he has forgotten everything. The doctor said it’s risky for him to do the operation, but his memory can’t recover if he doesn’t do it.”
“He shouldn’t do any operation. If it fails, his life is in danger.” Inwardly, Alyssa was overjoyed with such good news. She had thought that she wouldn’t have any chance.
Now, the chance came to her automatically.
“Do you truly think so?” George looked at his mother and asked, “In fact, you are quite nice to my brother, aren’t you? You care about him.”
Alyssa looked awkward with a wry smile.
She didn’t agree with taking the operation because since Stanford had lost his memory, she would have the chance to make him let George go to his company. If he took the operation, it would be fine if he died on the operation table. If he recovered, Alyssa didn’t think that her son would have a chance to get into the company anymore.
“Dad, what do you think?” George looked at Enoch.
Enoch was afraid of Stanford’s indifference, so he believed that it would be much better for Stanford to forget. “I agree with your mother.”
George slightly frowned. “But, if he couldn’t remember his past, would his life still be complete?”
“If he doesn’t need those memories, it doesn’t matter if he can remember or not.” Enoch operated his wheelchair and went back into his bedroom.
George wanted Stanford to recover. Even if there were bad memories, at least he had experienced them. It was part of his life.
“Mom, are you truly afraid the operation has risks so it’s better for him not to have the operation?” George looked at his mother. “Stanford has lost his mother when he was quite young. Can you treat him better? Don’t try to set him up again. He treats me quite nicely.”
Alyssa was so disappointed in his son. She was proud that she could win against Enoch’s ex-wife and become his wife from a mistress. She wondered why her son was truly cowardly.
“George, you have different mothers. Why do you treat him so well?”
“But we are siblings from the same father,” said George, “We have the same blood in our bodies. He’s my older brother. You can’t deny it, can you?”
Alyssa couldn’t do anything to her son. She realized that it would be impossible for asking George to steal Stanford’s wealth aboveboard, so she wanted to use other ways. Pulling George’s hand, she said seriously, “George, you are right. I’ve been having a reflection nowadays. In the past, I was wrong. It was my bad. In the future, I’ll correct my mistake. But this time, I said that for his own good. You’ve seen your father’s attitude. The operation is risky. It’s better for Stanford not to do it. As for his company, you should help him more. He’s your older brother.”
#####Chapter 1007 Do You Really Think So?
“Do you really think so?” George looked at Alyssa. “Do you truly think I’m capable to help my brother?”
“Of course.” Alyssa held his hand. “You are Stanford’s brother. In the company, who else could be closer to him than you are? Since the accident happened to Stanford, you must help him this time.”
George said, “I know. Of course, I’ll try my best to help my brother.”
The doctors in City B gave Stanford an overall checkup. The result was the same -- he must take an operation if he wanted his memories back.
However, Atwood didn’t tell Stanford about this result. He only told George about it. They achieved an agreement.
George listened to his mother’s suggestion and also thought that the operation was dangerous, just in case any accident would happen during the operation. Atwood believed that as long as Stanford couldn’t remember his past, he wouldn’t remember Amanda. Hence, Stanford wouldn’t feel bothered by the things in the past.
Hence, they didn’t tell Stanford about his status and privately decided not to let him take the operation.
When Stanford asked them later, the doctor who had been bribed by George and Atwood told him that his sickness was not curable. The doctor also lied to him that the memory loss was temporary, and he could remember his past at any time. Hence, Stanford believed that he could remember his past at any time.
Meanwhile, in City C, Amanda secretly went to the hospital and wanted to know Stanford’s condition. Probably it was because Joshua made him injured, or because she used to love him.
However, it wasn’t until she arrived at the hospital did she know that he had left.
Earlier, Stanford repeatedly told her that he wanted to say something to her, but until now, she still didn’t know what he was going to tell her.
Out of the hospital, Amanda was walking along the roadside alone. She still felt a bit disappointed and hesitant. She had tried her best to make herself become cold-blooded and hate him. However, she could still remember all the details that they used to live together. Possibly she could never forget about them all her life.
However, she also realized that they couldn’t go back to where they used to be anymore.
Their ending had been destined at the beginning.
He didn’t truly want to spend the rest of his life with her, so their ending was destined to be imperfect.
The wedding of Joshua and Bonnie was held as planned.
Bonnie’s parents arrived two days ahead. In the evening, Joshua invited all of them to have dinner in a restaurant.
This time, almost everyone had been there except for Andrew.
Joshua booked a big private box that could hold twenty people. They gathered in two groups to chat, one of which was all women. They were talking about their daily lives and the wedding.
The other group was all men and they were pretty quiet. They had become more mature and stead at their age.
“Boyce, you’ve been promoted higher and higher, but it’s becoming more and more difficult to see you. Your daughter is getting married, but you haven’t arrived until the very day. Do you feel unhappy with your future son-in-law or your future in-laws?” Armand poured a glass of wine for Boyce while mocking him.
Boyce didn’t arrive until the wedding would be held.
Boyce thought for a moment, looked at Matthew, and answered, “I’m in trouble this time. Otherwise, I would have come here earlier.”
“What could bother you? We all know which level you are in now.” Armand pushed the wine glass towards him.
“I’d better not hide it from you any longer. Originally, I shouldn’t have come here...”
Before he could finish his words, Armand went excited. “Your daughter is getting married. Why shouldn’t you come over? It’s your daughter! You even want to dump your own daughter for your position of a senior official?”
“Armand, be quiet. Let him finish his words,” said Matthew in a deep tone.
Armand waved his hand. “All right. All right. Let’s listen to him to see what excuse he could make.”
Boyce patted Armand on his shoulder and said, “You are not changed at all, still the same as you were young.”
“Do you mean I’m still young? Thank you for your compliment. Hurry up and get down to business.” Armand removed his hand.
Boyce took a sip of the wine that Armand pushed to him and said, “Last time, when we met, I mentioned the top handed me a huge case. In the past year, I was busy with this case. It wasn’t resolved until a few weeks. However, the internal staff has leaked some information, and the prime culprit escaped. So far, the police have no clue yet.”
“So you are going to catch the prime culprit and have no time to attend your daughter’s wedding, right?” Armand chimed in.
“Not really. He has been operating in the three northeast provinces for several years with a solid foundation. To completely catch such a criminal, we spend more than a year and put on a lot of effort. We’ve also sent in a lot of undercover policemen to get the details in his organization and set up careful deployment before carrying on the plan to catch him. I’m responsible for the prime culprit’s escape, but I’m still facing another problem now.” He looked up solemnly. His eyes had become calmer after all these years. “I’ll be retaliated,” he said.
Boyce would receive punishment from the top because of failing to catch the prime culprit. For the sake of the years of his experiences, the top gave him a chance to make amends for his previous mistake. He needed to find out the person who had leaked the information and catch the prime culprit.
“Jasmine and I came over in secret this time.”
They still arranged a lot of bodyguards around their house to show that the escaped prime culprit that Boyce and his wife were still at home.
Armand lowered his head in silence. After a long while, he said, “You’d better quit the job. Hurry up and retire.”
It sounded too dangerous. Their children had grown up and they had been aged. It was time for them to enjoy their retirement. He didn’t expect that Boyce was still leading such a threatening life.
“Move to City C and let your son-in-law raise you. He can afford it anyway.” Armand had been leading a peaceful life for a long time, so he couldn’t listen to such dangerous things at all.
#####Chapter 1008 Are You Bonnie
Boyce was quite helpless. “Do you think I can quit it as long as I want? Even if I would retire, I must resolve the current case first.”
Armand said in a cold tone, “Why didn’t you tell us earlier? Now you’ve come here. Aren’t you afraid to bring dangers to your daughter and son-in-law?”
“Alas...” Boyce heaved a sigh. He was afraid that Bonnie would misunderstand him if he refused to come over. After all, her wedding was a big thing, once in her life. If he missed it, he wouldn’t be able to make it up for her. Besides, Bonnie was his only daughter. He wanted to hand her in Joshua’s hand in person.
“You should be more careful. You even haven’t found out about the traitor yet. Probably, the traitor has already leaked the news that you’ll come over to City C.” Armand didn’t think Boyce’s official title would be any helpful.
Matthew agreed with Armand. “Yeah. You must be careful recently.”
“We should tell about this matter so he could be on guard. If he didn’t know it and in case anything happened, he wouldn’t know how to deal with the matter.” Armand gulped down a glass of wine.
Boyce felt quite sorry for Joshua. He said, “I’ll tell him about this matter, Armand.”
“Do you think I’m such a coward?” He moved the wine glass away from Armand and continued, “You are aged. Drinking is not good for your health. Joshua is my son-in-law. Why do I need you to be the messenger for me?”
“What nonsense are you talking about? He’s your son-in-law, but he has been with us longer than you have,” Armand retorted, “Are you bullying me?”
Boyce shushed immediately. He didn’t want to continue arguing with Armand ask he knew what Armand was implying. If they continued, Armand would complain that he was bullying him because he didn’t have any children.
Boyce was afraid to argue with Armand on such a topic, so he decided to keep silent.
After dinner, Boyce asked Joshua to go to his room and told Joshua about his current status alone.
“I’m so fed up with Dad. He even hiding something from me and only tells Joshua about it. He refuses to let me hear his secret. Am I or Joshua his daughter?” Bonnie bitched about her parents to Amanda after being sent out of the room.
Amanda smiled. “Joshua can’t be their daughter. He could be their son at the most.”
Bonnie laughed. She walked to the car and asked, “Amanda, do you want to drive?”
Amanda pulled the door of the passenger’s seat open and sat in. “Go ahead and drive,” she said.
They were heading to the matrimonial home. According to the tradition, the bride couldn’t meet her bridegroom on the day before the wedding. Hence, Bonnie was supposed to be in her maiden family’s house right now. However, her maiden family wasn’t in City C, even farther than City B. It would be way too far away. Hence, Bonnie would stay in the matrimonial home and Joshua still stayed in the villa.
The matrimonial home was a bit far away from the villa, and Bonnie said she would feel scared when being there alone, so Amanda would go with her. She would stay there with Bonnie for the night. After the wedding, Joshua and Bonnie would be staying here.
Joshua and Bonnie were still young, so others believed that they needed their own space, especially they just got married. Hence, they didn’t make Joshua and Bonnie continue staying in the villa.
“You’re getting married soon. Will you feel too excited to sleep?” Amanda teased Bonnie.
Bonnie smiled brightly and shyly. “I’ve known him for a long time. Why should I be excited?”
“Oh, really?” Amanda approached her and asked, “Tell me. Have you and Jos made love yet?”
Bonnie immediately blushed more. Pretending to be calm, she said, “Amanda, you are so evil.”
Amanda laughed.
Arriving at the house, they got off. All supplies were ready in the house, and it was fully decorated.
“Let’s sleep in the guestroom,” said Amanda. “You need to go to sleep earlier. Tomorrow, you need to get up early for the makeup.”
Bonnie asked, “Shall we share the same bed or sleep in two rooms?”
Amanda asked with a smile, “Do you want to sleep with me?”
“We have everything in the guestrooms, anyway. We can sleep in separate rooms.” Bonnie was afraid that Amanda would tease her again.
“Okay.” Amanda pulled out a blue velvet box to her. “This is the wedding gift for you.”
“The wedding is tomorrow. Why do you give it to me now?” Bonnie didn’t take it over right now. Staring at the box, she could tell that it might be a jewellery box. “I can’t accept it if it’s too valuable.”
Amanda smiled. “Jos is our most precious baby. Now you have him. What could be more valuable than him?”
She pressed the box into Bonnie’s arms and added, “I know Jos will treat you well and he should have also prepared a lot of things for you. However, it’s my blessing. You must accept it.”
Amanda pulled another box and said, “And this is for you, too.”
“Two gifts?” Bonnie looked up at her.
“Go to sleep earlier. I’ll wake you up tomorrow morning.” Amanda pushed the door open and walked into her room.
Bonnie held the gifts from Amanda to another room with a smile.
Sitting on the bed, she opened the boxes. There was diamond jewelry in the first jewelry box. In the other box, there was a black slip dress, quite sexy.
She blushed a bit. In her mind, she started to imagine what she looked like in Joshua’s presence when she was wearing such a sexy dress.
She felt shy and expectant.
Bonnie put away the boxes.
Then she went to take a shower. In fact, she was a bit excited today. Tomorrow, she would get married and become Joshua’s wife, so she couldn’t help imagining and expecting.
She tossed about on the bed but couldn’t fall asleep at all.
She got up and went to the master bedroom alone.
She pushed the door open, overwhelmed by the celebrating atmosphere. She saw the red beddings and their wedding photo was hanging on the wall above the bed.
Joshua was wearing the classic black suit, wrapping his hand around her waist. They were both smiling. She was wearing a white wedding dress, which was designed particularly by Theresa for her, which was unique in this world. Their wedding dresses were all designed by Theresa in person.
The house was decorated by Armand and Theresa together.
She saw the red and pink balloons as well as the colorful ribbons, making her feel so happy and excited even if she was just looking at them.
Bonnie pulled out her phone and texted Joshua. “Are you sleeping?”
Probably Joshua didn’t see it. He didn’t reply.
It was already quite late at night. She guessed that Joshua must be sleeping now.
Staring at the phone screen, Bonnie texted again. “Joshua, I love you.”
After sending the message, she felt quite sickening. She giggled while staring at the screen.
When she wanted to withdraw the message, she failed. When she locked the phone screen and was about to go back to her room, she heard some noises at the window. She walked over to have a check, and the window was opened suddenly.
Bonnie wanted to scream by instinct. However, as soon as she let out a sound, the man jumped in front of the window, pounced at her onto the bed, and covered her mouth.
“Are you Bonnie?” The man squinted at her, looking at her carefully to study her expression. “Is Boyce Shawn your father?”
#####Chapter 1009 Desperado
Bonnie was extremely fearful, trembling all over. However, inwardly, she reminded herself to calm down.
“Answer me.” The man looked fierce. He pulled out a gun from nowhere to point between her eyebrows. “You are not alone here, are you?” he threatened her calmly.
Suddenly, Bonnie realized that Amanda was still in the house. The man had a gun. If she struggled hard, the man would probably shoot her, which would alert Amanda. In that case, he would also kill Amanda.
“Who are you?” Bonnie thought that she was pretty calm. However, in the man’s eyes, she was quite frightened.
No matter how she tried to cover, she failed. Her emotion was shown in her eyes.
“Then you’ve admitted you are Bonnie, haven’t you?” The man smiled. “Good.”
He gazed at her gloomily. “Shall I kill you directly or let you survive by doing something else...”
As he spoke, he still pointed the gun at her head. However, he looked at the photo above the bed. “Your fiance?” he asked.
Bonnie pressed her lips in silence.
The man looked around. The red full of happiness seemed to have stimulated his nerves. His followers were either dead or arrested. He escaped from death. However, the man who had ruined him could lead such a happy life. Judging from the villa, the man could tell Boyce’s son-in-law wasn’t anyone ordinary at all.
“Do you want money? I can give it to you as long as you let me go,” Bonnie tried her best to keep calm and negotiated with him.
The man snorted in disdain. “Money? When I had money, I could afford a whole city. Now money is useless to me. I can take them but I can’t spend them.”
He knew his current situation very well. He could escape for the time being, but he couldn’t escape forever. He had lost the chance to go abroad. As long as he stayed home, he had nowhere to hide.
The man moved the gun from between her eyebrows to her nose bridge, lips, chin, and neck bit by bit. Then it stopped on her right chest.
His other hand reached in from the hemline of her pyjamas. Bonnie became pale in shock, huddling up. The man smiled evilly. “If there’s anyone to be blamed, you should blame yourself for being Boyce Shawn’s daughter.”
As he spoke, he opened her pyjamas and enjoyed looking at her body outrageously. “If I killed you, they would be upset for just a period. They would gradually forget it as time goes by. I want you to be in a living hell and your father will suffer all his life.”
Bonnie understood that he must have hatred for her father. However, she would never let him succeed.
“If you are still a man, you should kill me.” Bonnie reached out and wanted to press the trigger of the gun. The man said indifferently, “If you die, I’ll kill the woman in the other room. Your father thinks of himself to represent justice. Do you want to let an innocent woman be killed?”
Then he pressed on her and whispered with a chuckle in her ear, “Let me tell you. I’m a desperado with countless lives in my hand. If you pissed me off, I don’t mind making you all die with me.”
Bonnie clenched her hands into fists. Her pupils trembled and tears welled up in her eyes. However, she stubbornly held them back. She said determinedly, “I won’t let you succeed.”
As she spoke, she suddenly turned to bite the man’s arm. Feeling the pain, the man released her a bit. Taking the chance, Bonnie pushed him away and ran towards the window, aiming to jump down. However, the man caught her again and tossed her onto the bed. “Okay. I’ll go to kill the woman in the other room now.”
He grabbed his gun and was about to leave. In a hurry, Bonnie pulled him to stop. She could never let Amanda be dragged into the mere. Otherwise, how could she explain to Joshua?
She couldn’t ignore Amanda’s safety at all.
The man stood beside the bed and pointed at her with the gun. “Either you strip or I’ll go kill her. Choose an option.”
Bonnie was half kneeling on the bed now. She felt as if all the blood in her body was solidified. After stiffing for a moment, she closed her eyes and took off her pyjamas quickly, tossing them onto the ground. “Remember your threat today. In the future, I must kill you myself!”
Her eyes were fully bloodshot, but she still kept holding her head high. “Next time, even I have to die, I must kill you first!”
The man gazed at her, her fair skin shining seductively. He had a lot of women before. When he was somebody, he used to have many mistresses, including college students and stars.
Most of them could only flatter him. None dared to be against him.
However, Bonnie’s stubbornness aroused him a lot. “If I had met you earlier, I must make you my woman. I like taming tough women. If you beg me, I probably will let you go. What do you think?”
Bonnie stiffed motionlessly. His words provoked her extremely.
“Why? Don’t you believe me?” The man raised her chin with the gun.
Bonnie kept calm and said, “You said you are a desperado. How dare I believe you?”
“Ha,” the man laughed out. “If you don’t try it, how will you know if I’m telling the truth or lying?”
#####Chapter 1010 It’s Alright. I’m Here.
While Bonnie hesitated, the man approached her. She kept calm and didn’t move away.
The man gazed at her. “Why? Aren’t you afraid of me now?”
Bonnie looked into his eyes. “If I’m afraid, can you let me go? Of course not. Since you will not let me go no matter I’m afraid or not, why should I be?”
The man laughed. “You are quite interesting.”
As he spoke, his lips clung to her skin. Bonnie tried her best to suppress the disgust so she wouldn’t push him away. She knew that probably when she was cooperative and the man was off-guard, she could take the chance to grab his weapon, and then she could escape.
Since Bonnie didn’t push him away, the man acted in a freer manner. He even wanted to press on her body.
His scent overwhelmed her, making her sickened and resistant. However, Bonnie didn’t resist him at all. Instead, she pretended to enjoy his movements a lot.
“Your boyfriend and you... well, it should be your fiance and you... Have you had sex?” The man kissed her neck greedily.
“No, we haven’t,” Bonnie answered.
The man paused a bit in surprise, his eyes getting darkened and deep. “Are you still a virgin?”
Bonnie raised her eyebrows. “Is it quite weird?”
The man laughed. “It’s quite weird. So rare nowadays.”
Bonnie only wanted to take the chance when he was obsessed by the sex to grab the gun in his hand.
However, as soon as she touched it, the man found it. Pointing at her belly, he smiled gloomily. “Do you want to grab my gun?”
Bonnie denied it. “No, I don’t.”
“Think I’m a fool, huh?” The man was always living on the edge, so he was quite alerted. Bonnie couldn’t fool him at all.
He pressed the gun on her chest and warned her, “You’d better behave yourself. Or, all people in this villa will die.”
Then he pressed on her.
Bonnie knew that he had known her plan so she couldn’t grab his gun, so she resisted him by instinct. “Let go of me!” she yelled.
She tried hard to struggle.
The man wrapped around her neck with one arm, pressing her tightly in his arms.
Bonnie was in a panic and frightened. She shouted, “No! No...”
She tried hard to kick him away but failed.
Bang!
Joshua strode in, dragged the man away from Bonnie, lifted the quilt, and wrapped her.
Bonnie had lost her mind. It wasn’t until Amanda stood at the door, watched the scene, and let out a screen did Bonnie come back to her senses.
Tears dropped from her eyes immediately.
They couldn’t stop at all.
She looked at the scene with a pale face.
Joshua comforted her while holding her in his arms. “It’s alright. It’s alright. I’m here.”
Bonnie looked at his face and burst into tears. Grievance and humiliation surge in her mind instantly.
“Oh, Joshua.” She nestled in Joshua’s arms, weeping.
Joshua carried her out of the room and put her on the bed of the guestroom next door. “Amanda, please take care of her. I’ll deal with the man.”
Amanda walked to the bed and held Bonnie in her arms. Looking at Joshua, she said, “Go ahead. I’ll take care of her.”
Right then, Joshua was worried that Bonnie was still emotionally unstable. However, he couldn’t leave everything outside like that. Hence, he had to deal with the matter in the other room first.
When Boyce asked him for a talk, he became quite alert. Immediately he thought about Amanda and Bonnie. They were not with others and came into this new villa, so they could easily become the targets.
Hence, Joshua came here with his men. He found that the power grid on the back wall of the villa was damaged and there were footsteps on the lawn. Also, the light was still on in the bedroom on the second floor. Joshua asked his men to guard outside. He sneaked into the room alone. When he ensured that the desperado was in the bedroom, he instantly knocked the door open and shot the man who was raping Bonnie.
Now, he was standing at the door. The man fell on the floor, frowning deeply. In his eyes, there was only endless darkness.
“Get him out,” Joshua said to his men.
He pulled his phone and called Boyce, telling him that the man had been caught and asking him to come over to deal with the matter.
Even the man was dead, they must hand him to the police. They would come over to identify his identity and deal with his dead body.
#####Chapter 1011 Steady Your Nerve
Boyce got to know that the man was caught in the villa, so he rushed over immediately. As soon as he arrived, he asked if anyone had been injured.
Joshua said no.
He didn’t tell Boyce what had happened to Bonnie. Fortunately, Joshua came on time, and nothing serious happened, so he didn’t want to worry Boyce.
Upon hearing Joshua’s answer, Boyce breathed a sigh of relief. He called his coworkers right away to bring the dead body back.
After almost two hours, the dead body was taken away and the blood on the floor in the bedroom had been cleaned up.
“It’s not a good sign to have someone dead in the matrimonial home. We’d better choose another house tomorrow and sell this one.” Jasmine stood next to Boyce with a solemn look. Although Joshua said no one was injured, the desperado had died in the matrimonial home, which made her feel creepy and sickened.
She believed as long as Joshua entered this house, he would think about the dead man.
The more she thought about it, the more sickened she got.
“Or, you can stay in the hotel,” suggested Jasmine, “We’ll pay for you.”
“I’ll deal with this matter.” Joshua kept calm. “It’s too late now. You should go back, leaving everything to me.”
“Okay. I want to check on Bonnie.” As she said, Jasmine was about to walk to the room. Joshua stopped her. “Amanda is with her now. They should be sleeping already. Later they’ll get up for makeup. Please don’t disturb them.”
Upon hearing it, Jasmine couldn’t insist. She could only nod in agreement. “Okay. We’re taking off now.”
In face, Jasmine couldn’t fall asleep tonight.
Sitting in the car, she looked quite worried. Boyce asked, “What’s wrong?”
Jasmine was silent.
Boyce frowned. “The criminal has been caught though he’s dead. Later after the traitor is found out, this case should be closed. Why are you still unhappy?”
Jasmine told him what had been bothering her. “Just now in the villa, I wanted to check on Bonnie, but Joshua refused. I can feel he didn’t want me to check on her.”
“You must have overthought.” Boyce raised his eyebrows.
“I do hope so. After this case is closed, you should apply for early retirement. You’ve been working hard all your life, but you are seldom rewarded. Although the top asked you to make amends for the previous mistake, they still blamed you. How many contributions have you made? How much work have you done? Do they appreciate you?” This was the first time Jasmine wasn’t supporting Boyce in work.
She was freaked out this time. A lot of bodyguards had been arranged around her house and she was always uneasy. Boyce truly had been promoted higher and higher, but he also had offended a lot of people.
They were aged now. It should be the time for them to retire and enjoy their retirement.
“That’s not the case. I never wished the top would appreciate me. I’m just doing everything with my conscience. I want to do something I can to contribute to society. After all, I’m in my current position. The higher I’m promoted, the larger my responsibility is...”
“I’ve always heard you say so all my life. Now, please stop it. I just want my family safe and sound.” Jasmine was out of patience. Boyce had always been like this.
Boyce stopped and said, “After this case is closed, I’ll submit the application for early retirement.”
Jasmine turned to look at him. “You’ve been busy for a whole life. You should make time to accompany me and our daughter. Look at Armand and Theresa, Matthew and Dolores. Look at me.”
Boyce knew that he had always been busy with his work, ignoring his family and his wife for a long time.
He put his arm on her shoulder. “Stop complaining. As I said, I’ll apply for early retirement. What else do you want me to do?”
“How dare I ask you to do anything else?” Jasmine pushed his arm away. “Our daughter is getting married. It’s a happy thing. But there’s a dead man in her matrimonial home. What a bad sign! Fortunately, Joshua is quite capable. Otherwise, how can we explain if something happened to Bonnie and Amanda as they were alone in the villa? Do you know how I spent the past decades? My heart has always been in my throat. I’ve never felt easy for one day.”
Boyce heaved a sigh. “I know.”
Jasmine seldom nagged about such things to him. When she married him, she knew he was ambitious and had his plan. She always supported him. Although she had been leading an uneasy life, she never thought of being a drag to him. She never let him worry about their family business so that he could always concentrate on his career.
However, after this incident, Jasmine believed that they couldn’t go on like this.
It wasn’t only dangerous but also would drag people around them into the mere.
“I’ll send you home first. I need to talk to my coworkers about the criminal,” said Boyce. He couldn’t go back to work now, so he could only ask his coworkers to bring the criminal back. He could only go back to work after the wedding of Bonnie and Joshua was over.
“All right.” Jasmine looked a bit upset.
“Are you angry?” Boyce looked at her.
The car stopped and Jasmine got off. She answered, “Nope.’
Then she walked into the house.
None of the people in the villa had slept.
All of them were shocked by this incident. Seeing Jasmine come in, they asked, “Is everything all right?”
“No one is injured. Fortunately, Joshua has done some security measures around the villa. The criminal has already sneaked in... If Joshua hadn’t rushed there, I can’t imagine what consequences there would be.” Jasmine felt quite lucky. Theresa pulled her to sit down. “Fortunately everything is fine. Let’s stop worrying.”
“I’m so freaked out. Just in the car, I asked Boyce to apply for early retirement.”
Dolores poured a glass of water to her. “Have some water, Jasmine. It can steady your nerve.”
#####Chapter 1012 Making You Unable to Live without Me
Jasmine took over the water but didn’t drink. She pulled Dolores’s hand to let her sit down next to her. She felt quite sorry. Their children’s wedding would be held tomorrow, but such an incident happened tonight.
“I truly feel sorry,” she gripped Dolores’s hand and said apologetically.
Dolores patted her on the back of her hand and comforted her, “It’s alright. Fortunately, everyone is fine.”
Jasmine nodded.
“It’s almost dawn. I’ll cook something to eat. Let’s have something. Later, we’ll get busy. Jasmine and Dolores, you would also be the protagonists today. You will need to dress up and put on makeup. The bride and bridegroom will feel quite happy.” Theresa put on the apron and looked at Jasmine. “By the way, when will Boyce come back? Will he be late for the wedding?”
“No, he won’t. He’ll come back after arranging the work. There shouldn’t be any delay.” Jasmine stood up. “Let me help you.”
Theresa pressed her down. “You seldom come here. Why don’t you talk to your in-law? I’ll prepare for the food.”
Jasmine smiled. “Thank you so much, Theresa.”
“You are welcome.”
The three women smiled at each other.
Theresa truly looked quite young. Probably it was because she never gave birth, her shape wasn’t changed. She had been running her own tailor’s shop and always concentrated on her career, so she was always in a good mood and looked pretty young.
In the new villa.
After everything was cleaned up and others left, Joshua pushed the door of the guestroom open. Bonnie didn’t speak at all. No matter how much Amanda comforted and encouraged her, she kept silent.
She shed tears quietly.
Seeing Joshua come in, Amanda stood up and said, “Help me comfort her. I don’t think we can continue staying here. Let me reserve a hotel room for you.”
Joshua nodded.
Amanda passed by her brother and whispered, “Talk to Bonnie nicely. She should be scared.”
Amanda was also scared, let alone Bonnie.
Joshua said, “I got it.”
Amanda didn’t speak anything. She knew that Joshua knew what he was doing. So, Amanda walked out.
Upon hearing that the door was closed, Joshua closed the door of the guestroom and walked in.
He was sitting on the bed. Bonnie was still wrapped with the red quilt, only exposing her head. Her face was covered with tears.
Joshua pulled two pieces of tissues to wipe her face. Bonnie turned around and dodged his touch. It wasn’t because of Joshua but because of herself.
Joshua held her face with both hands and ordered, “Look at me!”
Bonnie could only look into his eyes. Her eyes looked dull without any smartness and playfulness when she used to look at him.
“Everything is fine now. OK?” he said in a deep tone.
Bonnie wept more loudly.
Joshua held her, his palms stroking her arms under the quilt. He tried to comfort her. He kissed her cheeks and kissed off the tears on her eye corners. His lips clinging on her cheek, he whispered, “Don’t cry. You’ll be a bride soon. If your eyes are swollen, you won’t look pretty. Good girl.”
“Do you still want me?” asked Bonnie in a hoarse voice.
“Of course.” Joshua chuckled. “What a silly question! If I don’t want you, who else do I want?”
“But I...”
Before she finished her words, Joshua sealed her lips. “It’s not your fault. Besides, you are safe and sound, aren’t you?” he said.
“In case...”
“Stop thinking about it. Even if something had happened, I would still marry you. If something happened to you, it only meant I was not a qualified boyfriend and failed to protect you.”
“Why are you so good to me?” Bonnie looked at him affectionately. She loved this man so much.
“Think about it. Since I could remember, I knew you’ll be my wife. What a great fate it is! Of course, I should treasure you. In case you were stolen by another man, what should I do? I must treat you nicely and make you unable to live without me.”
#####Chapter 1013 What’s In There?
Bonnie felt quite warm in her heart. Nestling in Joshua’s arms, she felt so peaceful when smelling his sense.
“Do you know how scared I was at that moment? I was ready to die...”
Joshua pressed her parted lips. “Let the bygones be bygones. Stop thinking or talking about it. Do you want me to be a widower?”
Bonnie curled her lips. “You can find a new wife.”
“But you are the only one I love.” Joshua raised his wrist and checked the time. It was five o’clock in the morning, getting brighter outside. Reaching out, he wiped her face. “We can’t make the elders worry about us, OK?”
Bonnie nodded with reddish eyes. “Okay.”
“I’ll get you the clothes.” Joshua stood up and was about to get her clothes from the guestroom that Bonnie was sleeping earlier. Bonnie huddled in the quilt without moving, gazing at him.
Joshua laughed. “What? Do you want me to help you put on?”
Bonnie shook her head. “Nah. Go out.”
Joshua was speechless.
He dared not to let Bonnie stay alone in a room.
He stood next to the bed and said, “We’re going to be a legal couple today. Do you mind me looking at you?”
Bonnie knew that he was worried about her. She answered, “I didn’t mean that.”
She was quite strong and optimistic, so she didn’t mean to let him keep comforting her. She decided to forget the thing that happened earlier.
Joshua’s generousness had already dispelled the humiliation in her heart. She pressed her lips and took off the quilt, exposing her body only with lingerie. Without dodging, she gazed at him and said, “Take me to have a bath.”
She wanted to wash her body.
Joshua said, “All right.”
He bent over and carried her in his arms carefully. He didn’t have any other thoughts when looking at her.
He knew that right now Bonnie was still mentally fragile.
When a man had a desire towards a woman, it meant he liked her.
When a man could bear his desire for a woman, it meant he loved her.
Joshua got the water ready in the bathtub and helped her bathe.
He never misbehaved during the process, which even made Joshua himself unable to believe. After all, he used to want to make love to Bonnie.
He had been holding back his desire for a long time.
They were getting married soon, but such an incident happened. For Bonnie’s mood, Joshua reminded himself to be more careful.
After putting clean clothes for her, Joshua walked out of the door with her in his arms. Then, he took her to get the makeup done. Right then, Amanda had already reserved ad decorated a room in the hotel. She knew Joshua should also get busy now.
Hence, Amanda came over to accompany Bonnie and asked Joshua to deal with his own matters.
“Okay. Amanda, thank you for taking care of Bonnie,” said Joshua.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of her. Stop being so reluctant. She’ll soon become yours,” Amanda deliberately said in a joking tone to ease the atmosphere.
Joshua smiled. “She’s always mine.”
Amanda pushed him out of the room. “Enough. Stop playing PDA. I even have goosebumps.”
Joshua walked out. Then he thought about something and looked back at Amanda. “By the way, Joan will also come to my wedding.”
Amanda was taken aback. “Why will he come here?”
Joshua shrugged. “Dad must have invited him. I can tell he gets along well Dad.”
Amanda looked down. “I see.”
After Joshua was gone, Amanda went back to Bonnie. Right then, the makeup artist was putting on the makeup for her. Seeing the box that Amanda put on the table, Bonnie asked, “Ms. Nelson, what’s inside this box?”
#####Chapter 1014 You Have a Beautiful Voice
Amanda looked at the box and touched it. She answered, “A gift.”
Bonnie was curious. She glanced at the box and said casually, “It’s not for me again, is it? You’ve given me your gifts already.”
“Yes, I’ve given you mine, but your mother-in-law hasn’t given you the gift yet.”Amanda opened the silver box with the passcode.
Then she passed the box to Bonnie and asked, “Do you like it?”
Bonnie gaped, and so did the makeup artist behind her. The makeup artist asked, “Is it real?”
The diamonds were so big, but the craft looked quite classic.
The makeup artist wondered if it was real and how much it would cost if it was real.
Amanda took the crown out of the box and cast the makeup artist a glance. “A mother-in-law will give it to her daughter-in-law-to-be. How could it be fake?”
She put it on Bonnie’s head and said, “Gorgeous.”
Bonnie shook her head hard. “This is too valuable. I can’t accept it.”
“It’s from your mother-in-law. Take it.” Amanda pressed her shoulders and looked at her reflection in the mirror. “You look so pretty, like a princess. It fits your makeup and dressing style today. I’m sure Jos will be fascinated at the wedding.”
Bonnie instantly blushed.
She lowered her head shyly. “Amanda, you always like teasing me.”
“I’m telling the truth.” Amanda couldn’t keep talking to her. She asked the makeup artist to continue doing her job. She couldn’t waste Bonnie’s time, or the wedding might be delayed.
After being jested by Amanda, Bonnie had forgotten the unhappy incident that happened earlier. Right now, she was a shy bride who was full of hopes for her wedding.
Amanda looked at her while leaning against the table.
Inwardly, she heaved a deep sigh.
She tried her best to make Bonnie forget what had happened. It was the wedding day for her and Joshua, so Amanda hoped that they could be happy. She didn’t want other messes to destroy this wedding today.
However, meanwhile, in a town that was located in China, which was separated by a driver from F country, a girl was striding towards her house with a bag in her hand. She had a neat ponytail, a standard oval face, faint willow-liked eyebrows, and watery eyes. 
Her house was located on a hill on the west of the town, which was a two-story flat. She was the only one in her family. Her parents passed away when she was little. Her grandmother had brought her up and passed away last year. She was the only one left.
In fact, there was another person in her house right now. Around half a month ago, when she was collecting herbs on the mountain, she encountered an injured man. He was in a camouflage uniform and bleeding fiercely. As a kind doctor, she carried him on her back, went down the mountain, and cured him at home.
Her family had been practicing medicine for generations. It was said that her ancestors were imperial doctors. However, as time went by, her family declined. Right then, people preferred western medicine, so the Chinese traditional medicines were not paid attention to.
Today she went downtown to find a herb. Unfortunately, after she looked for it in all the Chinese herb stores, she couldn’t find it.
She guessed that she might need to go further and look for the herb in the city. It might be found in some big herb stores.
Walking to the yard, she pulled out the key and opened the door. After entering, she locked the door from the inside, and then she walked into the house.
She put down the bag in her hand and went to the second floor. She could see that the window was opened and the man was standing in front of the window. Immediately, she went over and closed the curtain. “Are you nuts?”
The man looked back at her but his eyes had no focus.
“You should know your identity clearly. A lot of people have come to our town recently, looking for an injured man. I’m sure you must be their target. Last time, someone came to search for you in my house. Fortunately, I have an herb storage room in my house for you to hide, so you could escape the search. Now you are standing in front of the window. If they saw you, you would probably be killed.” The girl helped the man to sit down.
“I went downtown today but failed to find that herb. I’m planning to look for it in some bigger herb stores in the city tomorrow.”
The man was expressionless. His forehead still had a cured wound. He frowned deeply but his eyes had no light at all. “Aren’t you afraid I’ll get you any trouble?”
The girl sat down on the edge of the bed and answered, “I thought of it before, but you look so handsome. I’m reluctant to dump you.”
The man, Andrew, was speechless.
“You seemed to be a bit upset today. What’s wrong?” the girl looked at him and asked.
“Ehn. My younger brother’s wedding is held today, but I can’t attend it,” he said regretfully.
The girl immediately changed the subject. “I bought a chicken. Later I’ll make the soup and get you more nutrition.”
As she spoke, she stood up, ready to go downstairs.
“Evelyn, are you truly quite ugly?” Andrew couldn’t connect such a pleasant voice with an ugly woman.
“Yes, I am,” the girl, Evelyn Moore, purposely told him that she was ugly.
She hoped that after he could see, he would feel surprised when seeing her. In case she told him honestly about her looking, Andrew would imagine. After he could see her, probably he would be disappointed if she wasn’t so pretty as he had imagined.
Hence, Evelyn wanted to leave him an ugly image. When he saw her, he would be surprised.
“But you have a beautiful voice,” said Andrew.
#####Chapter 1015 Marry Me
Evelyn smiled. “Does it mean you only want to hear my voice but not see me?”
Andrew was quite solemn. “I don’t judge anyone by appearance.”
Evelyn became interested. Leaning against the door, she looked at him, “I’ve saved you and I’m the only one left in my family. You’re now staying with me aloe. If I want you to be responsible and marry me, would you be willing to do it?”
Andrew didn’t answer. Instead, he reached out his hand to her.
Evelyn hesitated for a moment, walked over, and put her hand in his palm. Looking up at him, she said, “You said you don’t judge anyone by appearance, but why don’t you answer my question?”
He still didn’t answer. Instead, he gripped her hand and pulled her into his arms, wrapping her waist tightly. “Can my action answer your question?” he asked.
Evelyn widened her crystal clear eyes and looked up at him. From her angle, she could see his firm chin. As she was too close, she could see the green stubble on it clearly. He pressed his lips tightly, and his face had a sharp outline.
He looked quite manly but not rude. Instead, he had treated her carefully and tenderly.
The mixture of strength and tenderness fit him very well.
She licked her lips and answered, “Yes.”
Andrew lowered his head, his lips brushing her hair. He could smell a faint scent on her body. “What kind of smell is it on you?”
Evelyn lowered her head and sniffed her scent. She answered, “It’s the smell of eupatorium. I’ve been to the herb stores earlier.”
eupatorium was a kind of herb that had a fragrance.
“I’m going to cook now.” Evelyn helped him sit back on the bed. Then she went downstairs to make the chicken soup.
In an hour, the soup was ready. She also stir-fried some other dishes.
She served them on the table.
Then she went upstairs to help Andrew go down.
She pulled the chair and helped him sit down.
“Let me feed you.” Evelyn filled his bowl with soup and fed him with the spoon. Before putting it next to his lips, she blew the soup gently to make sure it wouldn’t be hot.
“I also cooked stir-fried lotus root and lettuce.”
Before drinking the soup, Andrew could smell the herb in the soup. “What did you put in the chicken soup?” he asked.
“Some herbs that are good for your eyes.” Evelyn put the soup closer to his lips. “Drink it. It’s getting cold.”
Andrew still didn’t drink it. “If my eyes are recovered, will you still treat me so nicely?”
“Of course I will.” Evelyn looked at his handsome face directly.
He opened his mouth and drank the soup. “If I’m poor...”
“I can raise you,” Evelyn interrupted him before he finished his words.
Then she said affirmatively, “I have a crush on you. No matter who you are, I must make you mine.”
“You are a girl. Can’t you be more reserved?” He curled up his lips into a faint smile.
He didn’t dislike it when she was straightforward. Instead, he liked it.
Although he couldn’t see her face, Andrew knew that she was a kind-hearted and honest girl.
He reached out, fumbled, and wrapped around her waist, making her sit on his lap. “I like it when you are drooling at me.”
Evelyn smiled. “Said who I’m drooling at you? I...”
She blushed more. She had thought that she could speak it out, but actually, she still felt shy and reserved.
“What are you drooling at then?” Andrew felt her position and approached her. “If you are not drooling at my face, you are drooling at my body, aren’t you?”
Evelyn was silent.
She had to admit that she was drooling at his body.
“I’ve saved you. You must marry me,” she said in an overbearing manner, “When your eyes are recovered if you dare to refuse me, I’ll poison you to death.”
“Do you want to kill your husband?” He chuckled.
“You are not my husband yet...”
“What should I do to make me your husband then...” he asked.
Evelyn thought for a moment and answered. “You must propose to me and give me a grand wedding.”
“Well, can I make love to you first?” He laughed cunningly.
Evelyn wrapped around his neck breathed in his ears. She touched his earlobe ambiguously and provocatively, “I’m willing to. Do you have the guts?”
Andrew just smiled in silence.
Evelyn curled her lips. “I know you’re afraid I’m ugly.”
“Good girl, let’s eat first.” Andrew patted her on the back.
He asked, “What’s the time now?”
Evelyn checked the time and answered, “It’s almost noon.”
Andrew hummed, wondering if it was the most lively moment in the wedding now.
Right then, City C. A romantic and grand wedding was held.
Bonnie liked the western castles a lot. They planned to hold it abroad, but Boyce couldn’t go abroad freely, so they chose to hold the wedding in China. Hence, they had invited a lot of guests, including relatives and friends of the two families as well as their business partners.
The wedding was held in a five-star hotel in City C. It was planned and decorated by a top wedding planning company. There were two hundred tables of guests in the hall.
The hall was decorated mainly with light purple, with lamps and flowers. The whole place looked romantic.
When it was time, the door of the hall was slowly opened.
Bonnie, wearing a white wedding gown and delicate makeup, walked in when taking Boyce’s arms.
#####Chapter 1016 Robbed
Right then, the wedding march was played, which was quite melodious and vivid.
The melody was tender and peaceful. It also represented the surging and exciting feelings of the two loved ones who finally got married.
There were also gentle talks and expectations in the song.
On the high heels studded with diamonds, Bonnie walked into the melodious hall.
All the attendees were gazing at her.
The bride was certainly the most beautiful woman on the scene today.
She was wearing a white wedding dress with a fitting cut, which showed the exquisite curve of her figure. The skin on her bare shoulders was fairer than snow. Her dark hair looked casual. In fact, her hair was rolled up, on which the makeup artist had spent a lot of time, leaving only two strands of hair next to her ears, which made her look softer. She wore a shining crown, like a princess from a fairy tale. She was gorgeous.
Theresa was sitting next to Dolores. She gently poked at Dolores and praised, “Your daughter-in-law is so pretty. How lucky your son is.”
Dolores smiled.
She believed the two kids were a perfect match.
Theresa approached her and whispered in her ear, “Does the man named Joan have a crush on Amanda?”
Dolores looked at her.
Theresa hinted at her to look back.
Amanda and Joan were sitting behind them.
“I’ve been watching them for a long time. They seemed to have a lot to talk about and get along very well.” Theresa thought for a moment and added, “Amanda is still young...”
She couldn’t keep being single, could she?
Of course, nowadays so many people chose to be single, and no one would criticize this kind of lifestyle. However, in Theresa’s opinion, living alone was way too lonely. Having a companion would be better.
“Joan is truly a nice man, no matter from which aspect compared to Stanford James...” Theresa continued.
“Isn’t my son handsome?” Dolores interrupted her.
Theresa was taken aback a bit. She looked at the tall and strong young man under the spotlight -- he was wearing a black tuxedo. His shoulders were broad and his waist was slender. The suit pants wrapped his long and straight legs. He was standing there gentlemanly, just like the prince from a fairy tale.
“In my eyes, Joshua is the most handsome man.” Theresa smiled brightly.
She meant it from the bottom of her heart.
Probably she got along with Joshua the longest, so she had treated him as her own son.
She believed that Joshua was the best. Even Andrew, whom she used to take care of when he was young, couldn’t compare.
Love would accumulate through getting along with each other. Andrew had joined the military when he was quite young. After he grew up, Theresa seldom could see him, so she couldn’t get along with him often.
Besides, Andrew was quite different from Joshua. He was a bit aloof. Joshua was more playful.
However, when Joshua was serious, he was like Andrew a lot, just like Andrew’s shadow.
“Since you think the bridegroom is handsome, why are you always looking at another man?” Dolores cast her a glance.
Theresa was speechless.
“I know. Your son is truly handsome, but Joan is not bad, either. He has a different aura from Joshua. He’s quite gentle. Haven’t you found it?” Theresa remarked.
Dolores put her hand on the back of Theresa’s hand. “Let Amanda handle her own businesses.”
After what had happened to Amanda, Dolores wasn’t willing to give her much pressure or force her to do anything. Dolores also thought that Joan was a good man, but if Amanda didn’t like him, Dolores wouldn’t force her.
“It depends on the fate.” She patted on Theresa’s hand. “Our later generations have their own ways to live. After experiencing the incident, she should become maturer. She should know what she wants and what kind of life she wants to lead.”
Theresa nodded. “I agree with you.”
She suddenly thought about something and became unhappy. “Why did you arrange the marriage for your youngest son only? Are you bias?”
“Did I arrange it for him back then?” asked Dolores.
“No, it’s me. I proposed to them first,” Jasmine chimed in, “At that time, Bonnie hasn’t been born yet. I said if it would be a girl, I would like my daughter to marry Joshua in the future. In the end, I truly gave birth to a girl, so Dolores’s son became my son-in-law.”
Jasmine believed that she had made a wise decision. They were truly a perfect match. “A son-in-law is almost a half son. In the future, Joshua is also my son.”
Jasmine was so excited.
Theresa teased Dolores. “Your son is stolen.”
Dolores smiled. “I’m not afraid. I still have another son.”
“I know you have another son, but he’ll get married, won’t he?” Theresa said deliberately, “If he got married in the future, he would forget you. Right now, he hasn’t married yet, but he seldom comes home. He even didn’t come back for his brother’s wedding. What on earth happened to Andrew?”
Dolores thought about Andrew and also missed him a lot. “He’s busy,” she said.
Theresa also knew Andrew’s job.
Right then, Dolores found that Matthew wasn’t there. He left her in quiet. It was Joshua’s wedding today, she wondered where Matthew had gone.
How could he disappear from the scene?
She stood up and walked from the sideway to find Matthew.
Outside the door, in the back hall, she saw him talking on the phone. She overheard that he seemed to talk about Andrew.
Dolores strode over...
#####Chapter 1017 Regret
Matthew was quite sensitive. Even Dolores tiptoed, he still found her approach. He said, “Go on searching.”
Then he hung up the phone.
He put away the phone and turned to look at Dolores with a normal look, walking to her. “Let’s go back.”
Dolores looked up at him and asked, “Who were you talking with on the phone just now?”
“A friend who couldn’t attend Joshua’s wedding,” said Matthew calmly.
Dolores couldn’t tell if he was lying or not.
However, she was confused, as she just heard Andrew’s name. She wondered if she had misheard.
However, she didn’t think so.
“Which friend?” she asked.
Over the years, she had got to know almost all Matthew’s friends.
Matthew looked down at her, raising his eyebrows slightly. “Ehn? Don’t you believe me?”
Dolores pressed her lips and said directly, “I just heard Andrew’s name. Does it have anything to do with Andrew?”
They’ve married for so many years, so she didn’t beat around the bush but asked him directly.
“You’ve misheard.” Matthew put his arm on her shoulder. “You are the mother-in-law-to-be today. Later you’ll go on the stage. Be happy.”
“Did I truly mishear?” Dolores still didn’t believe him.
Matthew looked straight. “Have I ever lied to you?”
Dolores was speechless.
The wedding was going on...
The couple was making a vow on the stage.
Dolores and Matthew sat back, watching the scene.
The host was standing between the couple with a microphone. He looked at Joshua ad asked, “Mr. Joshua Lennon, do you want Ms. Bonnie to be your wife and marry her? Whether she is sick or healthy, rich or poor, or for any other reason, you’ll love her, take care of her, respect her, accept her, and be loyal to her forever until the end of your life.”
All the guests were watching them together.
Joshua had a solemn look and stared at Bonnie affectionately. “Yes, I do.”
The host then turned to Bonnie and asked, “Ms. Bonnie, do you want Mr. Joshua Lennon to be your husband and marry him? Whether he is sick or healthy, rich or poor, or for any other reason, you’ll love him, take care of him, respect him, accept him, and be loyal to him forever until the end of your life.”
Bonnie thought about the incident that happened last night -- when Joshua appeared on time, he stood in front of her with the gun.
He was like a celestial.
She didn’t care about the assumption but only the present.
She treasured this moment.
Her eyes were tender, bright, and shiny, just like the brightest stars in the summer sky. Looking at Joshua, she said, stressing each syllable, “I do.”
She emphasized, “I do want to be your wife.”
Boom!
Warm applause broke out offstage.
“Bridegroom, you can kiss your bride now,” the host announced loudly in the applause.
The applause became louder.
Joshua was afraid that she was stills cared for by the incident last night, so he was a bit hesitant. Bonnie took the initiative and wrapped her arms around his neck. She tiptoed and clung her lips to his slowly and tightly.
Joshua seemed to be surprised. Or probably he was shocked by her being active. He forgot to react.
“Do you regret it?” Bonnie whispered to ask as he didn’t react.
Joshua was brought back to his senses. Instantly, he wrapped around her waist and realized what she had asked.
“Yeah. I regret it.” Before Bonnie reacted to his answer, he kissed her again and muffled, “I regret I haven’t married you earlier.”
#####Chapter 1018 I’ll Take Care of Her
After the couple had made a vow, the host said in applause that gradually stopped, “On such a wonderful day, we’ve witnessed the wedding of Ms. Shawn and Mr. Lennon. I wish you peace every minute, love and health day and night, worry-free year after year, happiness forever, glory all the time, and prosperity all your lives.”
After a pause, the host continued, “Now, let’s welcome the parents of the bridegroom and bride to give speeches.”
Theresa pushed Jasmine and Dolores with a smile. “Come one. It’s your turn now.”
Dolores and Jasmine were both dressed in red today as it means happiness on such a beautiful day.
Jasmine was wearing a red dress with a reserved style, with the brooch representing the groom’s mother on her chest. Her hair had been rolled up. She looked attractive and elegant. Taking Boyce’s arm, she walked towards the stage.
Dolores cast Matthew a glance. She always felt that he was absent-minded today. She slightly poked him with her elbow.
Matthew grabbed her hand and said, “Boyce and I agreed he’ll give the speech.”
Andrew hadn’t been found so far, so Matthew didn’t have the mood to give a speech.
Dolores knew him well, so she didn’t mind it. 
“Let’s go.” Matthew stood up while taking her hand.
Dolores stood up.
She was wearing a red cheongsam with a classical collar. The cheongsam was made of silk with traditional embroidery.
It wasn’t fashionable but of high quality.
Even until now, she didn’t change much. She looked slightly chubbier than she used to be, but she wasn’t fat at all.
It was because Matthew had been taking good care of her.
She was on five-centimetre high heels, walking to the stage with Matthew.
The cheongsam had a long history in China and still kept its charm. It had the neatness from zen, and it was unique in all different kinds of dresses.
It just fit Dolores right now. After experiences ups and downs all through the years, she became calm and elegant. Time had left traces on her face, but she didn’t look aged. She was full of charm gracefully.
Standing next to Joshua, Dolores smiled in satisfaction. She whispered to him, “Congratulations, son.”
Joshua smiled.
“The bride’s father will give us a speech now.”
Right then, staff passed a microphone over. Boyce wasn’t wearing a suit today. Instead, he put on his uniform, looking quite serious and dignified.
Looking at his daughter and his son-in-law, he nodded and said, “From now on, you’ll have your own family. In the rest of your lives, you shall live as one, share weal and woe, and help each other in the same boat. As a parent, I sincerely bless you, and I will you happy forever.”
His speech was short. There was applause offstage.
The host said again, “Under the breeze with happiness, we are joyful to gather today. With a toast of good luck for the couple, they’ll be with each other for the rest of life. In this happiness, I wish you happy forever after.”
So far, the ceremony had almost finished. People started to make toasts and were ready for the banquet.
Joshua had a lot of friends. Many senior executives had attended his wedding. A lot of people were making toasts to him. For some of them, he could refuse, but for some of them, he couldn’t and could only gulp the wine down.
Amanda watched the scene, frowning. “If he kept drinking like this, he’ll get drunk. I don’t think he could spend the wedding night with his wife later.”
Joan seemed to understand it a lot. “It’s his big day. He’s happy.”
Amanda looked at him.
“Did I say something wrong?” asked Joan innocently.
Amanda didn’t answer. She walked over and helped her brother drink the toast. She took over a glass of wine and said “Enough is enough. If the groom got drunk, would you carry him back to the room?”
“Mr. Lennon is good at drinking. He won’t get drunk,” someone said.
“Won’t he get drunk?” Amanda picked up a whole bottle of wine and gave it to the man. “If you won’t get drunk after finishing it, I’ll believe you.”
The man was silent.
“I’ll drink this glass for him. Don’t get him too drunk to have the most important night of his life.”
Amanda raised her head and gulped down the glass of wine. Others exchanged glances with each other and kept silent.
“It’ll be our fault if the groom would be too drunk to enter the bridal chamber. Let’s drink with him next time.”
Hence, they let go of Joshua.
However, there were still a lot of guests who wanted to make toasts to Joshua.
Amanda helped her brother drink most of the wine.
Bonnie was quite worried. “You’ll get drunk if you keep drinking like this.”
“If I wouldn’t get drunk, your husband would!” Amanda’s face had become red, but her mind was clear.
Joshua didn’t stop her. He believed that it was not bad for Amanda to get drunk.
It would be much better than suppressing all her feelings.
Although Amanda didn’t show, they all knew that she had a load on her mind.
If she could get drunk, she would feel better after waking up from sleep the next day.
After the banquet, the guests gradually left. The groom and his bride didn’t have to worry much because everything was arranged. However, Joshua was worried about Amanda, who got drunk.
“Let me take care of her,” said Joan.
“No, thanks. I don’t need to be taken care of. Thank you.” Amanda waved her hands. Her mind was still clear but she couldn’t control her body at all. She kept shaking.
Joan helped her up. “You are drunk.”
“No, I’m not.” Probably all the drunk would say so. Amanda looked at Joshua and said, “Hurry up and leave. Don’t worry about me.”
#####Chapter 1019 Think About Me Only
As she spoke, Amanda pushed Joshua. “It’s time to have a good night with your wife. Don’t waste any time here.”
“Are you truly all right?” Joshua was still worried.
Amanda frowned. “You are a man. Just cut the crap and go!”
Joshua was speechless.
He was truly worried about her
“Okay, I’m taking off now,” he said.
Joshua put his arm on Bonnie’s shoulder and was about to leave, but Bonnie couldn’t rest assured. She tugged his sleeve and said, “Amanda is truly drunk. I’m afraid...”
“Look. Aunt Theresa is watching her.”
“Where is she?”
Bonnie didn’t see Theresa at all.
“She’s behind the pillar on the right side of the hall.” When Joshua saw her, Theresa winked at him and hinting at him to leave. Otherwise, how could he be willing to left Amanda alone here?
Bonnie looked over and sure enough, she also saw Theresa.
“What does Aunt Theresa mean?” Bonnie guessed, “Did she want to bring Amanda and Joan together?”
“I guess so.” Joshua heaved a sigh.
Bonnie felt quite puzzled. “Why? Isn’t it good? Joan is a nice man. He’s also handsome. The most important is his family background. I’m not remarking because he’s rich. Remember last time we went to Thailand to visit Mom? We met Joan there. Mom said his parents loved each other deeply. Joan grew up in a family full of family affectionate and so did Amanda. They both have pure and kind hearts. However, probably Amanda had lost her innocence, but it was all because of Stanford James. She can’t forgive him and be reconciled with him, can she?”
Joshua looked at her.
Bonnie continued, “I don’t have a bias on Stanford James. I admit that he’s capable, but his character... Well, he’s different from Amanda. Firstly, he grew up in a different environment as Amanda did, so they had a huge difference in their characters. Do you think two persons with completely different characters could live together?”
Joshua clicked his tongue and said, “Bonnie.”
“Yes?”
Joshua smiled. “Today is the most important day for us. Can you talk about us instead?”
“What should I talk about us?” Bonnie widened her eyes to look at him.
Joshua was speechless.
“As the old saying goes, there are two fortunate things for one’s life. One is to get the first prize in the highest imperial examination. And the other one is the wedding night.” Joshua looked at her. “So now have you realized what’s important to me the most?”
Bonnie kept silent.
Joshua bent over and lifted her. Bonnie was startled. She almost let out an exclaim. Fortunately, she reacted fast and covered her mouth. It would be so embarrassing if others have seen them.
Joshua lowered his head and looked at her. “We’re legal now. So what if others have seen us?”
Bonnie was still silent.
“Our elders are still there.” Bonnie felt so embarrassed that she even didn’t know where to put her arms and legs.
“They have also experienced this. They’ll understand and not scold us.” Joshua carried her in his arms and entered the elevator.
There was no one else in the elevator. Joshua bent down his head and pecked her forehead. He whispered, “Don’t think about anything today. Only think about me.”
Bonnie blushed, nestling in his arms shyly. “Joshua.”
“Ehn?”
Bonnie wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her face between his neck and shoulder. “If... I was raped, would you still...”
“Of course. I know you were forced.” Joshua moved his neck and pushed her face up. His cheek clung to hers. “Can you be obedient?”
“Am I not?” Bonnie felt wronged.
“I asked you to think about me only tonight. What’s in your mind?”
Right then, the door of the elevator was opened.
Joshua carried her out of the elevator.
#####Chapter 1020 Gazes Intertwined
As soon as Dolores and Jasmine walked out of their rooms, they saw Joshua came over along the corridor with Bonnie in his arms.
Since their matrimonial home was planned to be the villa where the incident had happened, Amanda reserved a matrimonial room in the hotel and decorated it. Dolores and Jasmine were worried that Amanda might not know the custom well, so they came up to check if anything went wrong.
Seeing the two ladies, Bonnie blushed and her neck even turned red. In a hurry, she hopped off from Joshua’s arms. She was still in a long red dress. When she jumped off, her high heels stepped on the hemline of her dress. She tilted, falling.
Joshua reached to pull her up, but he also fell with her.
They fell on the ground in the corridor, looking quite hilarious. Jasmine heaved a sigh. “You are both grownups. Why are you so reckless?”
Joshua was a man and he was quite cheeky. Unlike him, Bonnie felt so embarrassed that she lay prone on the floor, unwilling to stand up.
Sitting on the floor, Joshua looked at Jasmine. “Hello, Mothers. It’s is my first time spending the wedding time. I’m quite nervous. Please don’t mind.”
“Silly boy...” Jasmine walked to the elevator with Dolores arm-in-arm. “Hurry up and get up! It’ll be embarrassing if others saw you.”
Joshua laughed carelessly.
When the door of the elevator was closed, he patted Bonnie next to him and said, “Get up. They’re gone.”
Bonnie whispered, “Don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not.” Joshua pulled her.
Bonnie glanced up in secret. Seeing that the two mothers were truly gone, she looked up. She was still bushed.
“It’s all your fault! It’s all your fault!” Bonnie grabbed Joshua’s collar.
“My bad. My bad...” Joshua grabbed her hand. “If you don’t want to be embarrassed, hurry up and get up. It’ll be more embarrassing if someone saw you sitting on the floor.”
Bonnie immediately withdrew her hands and stood up.
She acted so fast that Joshua didn’t even have time to react.
Looking up at her while sitting on the ground, he said, “Honey...”
“Hurry! Get up!” Bonnie reached a hand to him.
Joshua gripped her hand. Seeing that she was so afraid to be seen by others, he deliberately tricked her. With strength, he pulled her down.
“Ah--”
Bonnie immediately shushed, falling into his arms.
“Are you nuts?” Bonnie glared at him in anger.
Joshua smiled. “I like to see you blush.”
Bonnie said, “You lunatic.”
“What a fool you are to marry a lunatic?” Joshua smirked. “You are more than a lunatic then.”
When she was about to get angry, Joshua added, “We’re just a perfect match.”
Bonnie choked up.
Joshua carried her in his arms. “We should go now.”
Their matrimonial room was decorated by Amanda in person. She didn’t use the red colour. Instead, she used blue, light blue, and white balloons. They floated on the ceiling.
She also used the heart-shaped sequins, which were glittering when the lights were turned on. Golden letters, “Happy Marriage”, were hanging above the head of the bed, and there were also pink heart-shaped balloons.
The beddings were not red but pink.
They were made of a kind of rare material in the market. It looked smooth with gleaming threads under the light.
It wasn’t so traditional as their matrimonial home, but it had another kind of beauty. Amanda had spent a lot of effort.
Joshua put Bonnie on the bed. The mattress was quite soft. She slightly sank. Pressing her lips, she looked up.
Their gaze intertwined.
“My dear bride...” Joshua raised her chin. “You are so beautiful today.”
Bonnie slightly blushed. “Stop it.”
Joshua laughed. “Okay. I’ll say you are ugly...”
Bonnie was speechless.
She pushed him away. “I’m so ugly. You should stay on the sofa tonight.”
Joshua gaped
She must be kidding.
“I’m spending one of the most fortunate moments in my life -- my wedding night.” Joshua wrapped around her waist, pressing her into the soft quilt.
His kiss landed on her lips.
#####Chapter 1021 You Look Good in Cheongsam
Bonnie didn’t move, widening her eyes and staring at her.
Joshua whispered, “If you kept staring at me, how could I continue kissing you?”
“Any difference?” Bonnie looked at him.
Joshua couldn’t utter a word.
“Why don’t your close your eyes and let me kiss you?” Bonnie wrapped around his neck, smiling.
Joshua laughed. “Are you tricking me?”
“No, I’m not,” said Bonnie sincerely.
He hesitated for a moment and closed his eyes slowly. Bonnie approached him while pulling out her phone and took a picture of him when he was pouting and waiting to be kissed. 
Joshua heard the click and opened his eyes instantly. Then he saw Bonnie tried hard to hold back her laughter while posting his photo on the social media platform. She added some words: “My randy hubby!”
“Bonnie!” Joshua wanted to grab her phone, but Bonnie hid it under her body. “No way!”
“You are even mine. Give it to me or not?” Joshua raised her eyebrows.
Bonnie was speechless.
She sensed that he must be implying something.
“Let me bathe you.” Joshua carried her towards the bathroom.
Bonnie couldn’t utter a word.
“Haha...”
Downstairs, Amanda burst into laughter while sitting on the sofa in the lounge.
Joan poured a glass of water for her. “What are you looking at?”
She showed her phone screen to Joan. “Look.”
Joan saw what Bonnie had just posted -- a picture of Joshua who was pouting. He chuckled and passed the water to Amanda. “Have some water, please.”
Amanda took it over and said, “Thanks.”
Joan sat down next to her. “You’re always so polite to me.”
Gripping the glass, Amanda looked down and changed the subject. “How’s Nina doing?”
“She’s quite well. I’ve sent her to school,” answered Joan.
Amanda nodded. The was only silence in the lounge. It seemed that neither of them knew what to talk about. The atmosphere became a bit embarrassing.
“Well...”
“Well...”
They suddenly spoke in unison and looked at each other.
Neither expected that the other person would speak at this moment.
Joan said, “Go ahead, please.”
“Nothing important. I might go to work in a company in Thailand,” said Amanda.
Joan seemed to have known something. “Is it your dad...”
“Joshua has just held the wedding. Where are you going?” They heard Dolores’s voice behind the door.
They both stopped talking, looking over at the door.
Creak--
The door of the lounge was pushed to open.
Dolores and Matthew didn’t know that they were in the lounge. Hence, they were slightly taken aback when seeing Amanda and Joan.
“Dad. Mom.” Amanda stood up and walked over.
Matthew frowned. “You should get a room for sleep if you are drunk.”
She nodded. “Okay. I’m leaving now.”
After that, Amanda left the lounge.
“Are you taking care of her?” Dolores asked Joan.
Joan said, “Not really. She’s not drunk at all.”
Amanda looked drunk but her mind was pretty clear.
“You must have something to discuss. Please excuse me,” Joan said quite gentlemanly. He could tell that the Nelson couple wanted to have a conversation.
“We have plenty of rooms in the hotel,” Matthew reminded him.
“All right. Thank you, Mr. Nelson.”
Joan walked out of the lounge and closed the door for them.
Dolores looked back but didn’t overthink. She asked, “What on earth happened makes you leave town at this moment?”
Matthew sat on the sofa but didn’t explain. Noah didn’t have any progress yet. Sine Andrew couldn’t be found, Matthew couldn’t sit and wait without doing anything.
The longer he waited, the more dangerous Andrew would be.
Hence, he decided to look for his son in person.
However, he couldn’t directly tell Dolores about it, afraid that she would break down. She had just recovered a bit from what had happened to Amanda.
He couldn’t risk Dolores’s health.
“Say something!” Dolores frowned.
Matthew said, “It’s the company business...”
“Hasn’t Abbott done a good job?” Dolores obviously didn’t buy it.
“Yeah, but I still need to...”
Before Matthew finished his words, Dolores walked towards the door. He rushed to stop her. “Where are you going?”
“Abbott hasn’t left yet. I’ll ask him about the matter that he couldn’t handle but needs you.” Dolores looked back at him. “We’ve been married for so long. Why can’t you just tell me directly? Why are you hiding something from me?”
Dolores could sense clearly that Matthew was hiding something from her.
Matthew let go of her. “Alas... You’ve become such a tough nut.”
Probably they had been together for a long time, so they knew each other very well. If he wanted to hide something from her, he must put on a lot of effort and he might fail to do it eventually.
“I want to let Amanda work in Joan’s company,” said Matthew.
“What?” Dolores looked at him in surprise. “Why?”
“In this case, she’ll be closer to us. Besides, she could have a chance to practice.” Matthew pulled her in his arms. “She must grow up. We can’t always protect her, can we?”
Dolores understood and agreed with him.
She asked, “But why Joan’s company?”
“Joan asked me to find someone to manage his company, and I believe it’s a good chance for Amanda.” Matthew still didn’t tell her the truth. He deliberately distracted Dolores’s attention by mentioning their daughter.
Dolores was speechless.
Looking at Matthew, she asked, “Is it good?”
She believed that it was just like using Joan’s company to do an experiment.
“I’m always at Amanda’s back.” Matthew wrapped around her waist. “Hence, I need to leave town and inspire Joan’s company.”
He implied that he would go to help their daughter get prepared.
Dolores, however, still sensed something wrong. “Even so, you don’t have to do the inspiration in person, do you? Last time, we cooperated with him once. You should know his company well...”
“You look gorgeous in cheongsam,” Matthew suddenly interrupted her.
He nearly ran out of methods.
He realized that Dolores was truly a tough nut to crack.
Dolores looked down at her cheongsam and turned to look at him. “Don’t ever try to change the subject.”
Matthew was speechless.
#####Chapter 1022 I Agree
Matthew bit the bullet and said, "I'm telling the truth."
Dolores stood up from his lap, gazing at him coldly.
Her gaze made him so uneasy. “Why are you look at me like that?” he asked.
“Matthew Nelson, since when did you learn how to lie?” Dolores looked at him. “If you don’t give me a reasonable explanation, I won’t let you leave town.”
After that, she walked to the door. Matthew grabbed her hand to stop her. “You’ve become a mother-in-law, but you are still so childish. If they saw you, it would be so embarrassing.”
“Then tell me the truth.” Dolores looked back at him. “Where the heck are you going?”
Knock. Knock--
Suddenly, there were a few knocks on the door. Dolores said, "Matthew, let go of me."
Matthew released her. “I’ll go open the door.”
It was Abbott and his wife at the door. His wife was a beautiful western woman with fair skin and deep eyes. A girl around ten years old was standing with them. She's Abbott's daughter, a mixed-race girl.
Her hair was brown and she also had fair skin, but it wasn't so snow-white as her mother's. Her face was ruby. She had big eyes with blue in her pupil
Right then, she was wearing a dress with a bun on her head, looking so adorable.
Dolores wave at her. “Come here, Kmi.”
“Hi, Mrs. Nelson,” Kmi called her sweetly. Then she threw herself into Dolores’s arms.
Although Kmi was quite young, she was in the same generation as Joshua and Amanda, so she was quite close to Dolores.
Dolores held her up. “You’ve gained some weight, looking chubby.”
Kmi smiled and said, “I like Chinese food.”
"She has quite a good appetite recently, especially after coming back to China. She couldn't control herself at all," said her mother, Lina, with a smile.
“She’s still young. It’s OK for her to be chubby.” Dolores gently pinched Kmi’s cheek.
Abbott said he wanted to talk business with Matthew, so they went out to have a private talk, leaving the two women in the lounge.
Shortly after, they came back in.
Dolores held Kmi while sitting on the sofa, feeding her chocolate.
“Excuse me, Dolores.” Abbott sat down. “I want to take a break.”
Dolores didn’t look at him. Instead, she looked over at Matthew and asked, “What did you talk about outside just now?”
“It’s something about Abbott’s work,” answered Matthew.
Originally, Abbott did report his work status to him and that he would leave town in two days. However, Matthew used it as an excuse to fob off Dolores.
Dolores believed that there was a connection between Abbott’s break and Matthew’s plan to leave town.
“Abbott mentioned it to me earlier,” Matthew added.
“Do you want to take a break?” Lina looked at Abbott. “Why didn’t you tell me about it earlier?”
Lina was speaking Chinese. Although she couldn't speak fluently, she had no problem with daily communication.
“Remember you said you want to take Kmi to France? I want to take a break and take you there for a vacation,” said Abbott hurriedly.
“Don’t you always say you love working?” Lina couldn’t understand what Abbott was doing, so she kept exposing his lies.
Abbott was speechless.
He realized that his wife was so slow.
“No matter how much I love my work, I’ll get tired. I haven’t taken a vacation for several years. Now we’re still young, let’s take Kmi for a holiday,” Abbott tried his best to cover his lie.
“That’s great! We haven’t gone on a family trip for a long time!” Lina became so excited. Suddenly she got such good news.
Taking the chance, Matthew answered, “I can’t approve your vacation.”
“Why not?” Lina subconsciously asked.
“She doesn’t allow me to go to work,” Matthew said with implication. Lina immediately looked over at Dolores.
“Dolores, don’t you allow Abbott to have a vacation?” she asked.
Dolores was speechless.
For some reason, she suddenly became a bad person.
She wondered why she must be responsible for such a thing.
“I agree.” Dolores refused to be a bad woman.
“Okay. I’ll have a trip with my wife and daughter then.” Abbott smiled happily. He didn’t have such a plan earlier, but suddenly he could have a vacation to relax. He felt quite delighted.
Matthew cast him a casual glance.
Looking at his gaze, Abbott put away the smile instantly.
He realized that since Dolores had agreed and Matthew’s goal had been achieved, he still had to work without a break.
Suddenly, Abbott felt sorry for himself. He had been working all the time without a stop.
He believed that he should remind Matthew about the fact.
With Abbott’s cooperation, Matthew had successfully escaped from Dolores’s attention and hidden the fact that something happened to Andrew from her.
“If you’ll go to the company, I’ll stay in town for more days. I won’t go back for the time being,” said Dolores. She wanted to stay longer with her kids.
Matthew agreed naturally. It was a good thing. If Dolores went back to Thailand alone, he was afraid that she would make some wild assumptions.
“We buy a new villa for Joshua. Dolores, why don’t you pick up one for him?” Someone died in the former one, which was a bad sign, so the new couple couldn’t continue staying in it.
Dolores said, “I’ll get it done.”
“It won’t take long for me to go to the company. Abbott could take a rest for a few days,” said Matthew.
Dolores paused packing for him, looking up.
#####Chapter 1023 A Lingering Fear
“He hasn’t taken a vacation for a long time indeed. Let him rest longer this time.”
Matthew wondered if Dolores had sensed something. He asked tentatively, “Do you want me to work longer in the company?”
Dolores put his clothes into the suitcase and closed it.
"You've assigned a lot of work to others in the past decades." She raised her hand to stroke the corner of his eyes. "You have so many wrinkles here."
In fact, she knew that Matthew had given up a lot of things for her over the years.
“I’ll help Joshua buy a new house, so it will take a long time. Joshua has move out when he was quite young. I want to take this chance to take care of him here.”
Upon hearing it, Matthew didn’t think Dolores had sensed or suspected anything yet.
Matthew breathed a sigh of relief inwardly. “All right. I’ll let Abbott take a vacation.” He covered the back of Dolores’s hand. “Have I become old?”
“Yeah. But I still love you.” She smiled. Her eyes were still bright, but time left traces at the corner of her eyes.
The only change on her face was the crow's feet. Compared to other women in her age, she had to take pretty good care of herself.
Dolores used to hear one saying, “The benefactor of the previous life can become a lover in this life.”
She believed that probably that was how Matthew and she were meant to be.
In the past, Dolores wasn’t quite willing to express her love verbally. However, as time went by, she believed that she must express it.
Matthew chuckled. “At your age, do you still want to use the honey trap on me?”
She raised her brows and asked, “Will you still fall for it?”
Knock. Knock--
There were suddenly a few knocks on the door. Dolores said, “I’ll go answer it.”
After opening the door, she saw Jasmine standing there. Seeing Dolores, she smiled and asked, “Am I interrupting?”
“Not at all. Please come in.” Dolores stood aside to let her in.
Jasmine didn’t enter. She said, “No, thanks, Dolores. I just want to inform you Boyce and I have to go home.”
“So soon!” Dolores frowned. “Now?”
“I’m afraid so. Boyce has work to deal with.” Jasmine heaved a sigh. She didn’t want to leave so soon either, but Boyce must go back because of his work. She couldn’t do anything about it.
Dolores soon understood why Boyce had to go back so fast. The prime culprit of his case died, but the case must be closed. Boyce must go back to deal with it.
He was in charge of this case, so he must close it as well
Dolores and Matthew went to see them off.
“Will you stay here longer?” Jasmine pulled Dolores’s hand and asked while standing in front of the car.
“Yes, I will stay here for a while before going home.” Dolores knew what she implied. “Please don’t worry about the kids. I’m here to watch them.”
"That's good then. I want Boyce to have early retirement so we'll have a relaxing life later. Although it's threatening but not dangerous this time, I still have a lingering fear," said Jasmine.
Dolores nodded. Jasmine had always been supporting Boyce. Besides, for Boyce's work, Jasmine had been taking care of the family and never let Boyce worry about anything. Now they were aged and Boyce could have an early retirement. They should have a more peaceful life.
“I understand. I support whatever the decision you guys make.” Dolores patted her on her hand.
“Okay. Take care. “ Jasmine sat in the car with Boyce. The car window was pressed down. Dolores said, “If you can retire, you should come here and stay for a while.”
Jasmine said, “We will.”
Watching the car leave, Dolores and Matthew went back to the house. Armand was standing at the door. "Boyce is truly busy. He has to go home overnight right after his daughter's wedding," he remarked.
“You know what his job is, don’t you?” Dolores glanced at him.
Armand said, “I know he’s quite busy with his work, but he doesn’t have to work so hard. He should take a break.”
They walked into the house. Dolores said, “I’ll stay here for a while.”
Armand was quite surprised. “Don’t you go to Thailand?”
Dolores said, “Matthew will take charge of the company for a while, and I’ll stay here.”
“What?” Armand was more surprised. “Why?”
“It’s quite late now. Dolores, let’s go to bed.” Matthew was afraid that Armand would be too talkative. Probably later Dolores would suspect something. Hence, he interrupted them.
Armand was speechless.
#####Chapter 1024 I’ll Cure You for Sure
Armand wondered if he had spoken something wrong.
He looked confused.
“Did I say something wrong?” he asked Matthew while looking at him.
Dolores also looked over at Matthew. Obviously, she could feel that Matthew purposely interrupted Armand.
Matthew cast an indifferent glance at Armand. “You are getting aged. Have you become as oversensitive as a woman?”
Armand choked up.
He found that no matter what he said, Matthew would retort him. He shushed.
Dolores was also speechless.
She wasn’t happy about his remark about a woman being oversensitive
She wondered if she should also stop speaking as well. Otherwise, Matthew would remark her being oversensitive.
After entering the room, Dolores couldn't help but ask, "Did you remark Armand or me just now?"
Matthew couldn’t utter a beep.
Inwardly, he truly felt that Dolores had been oversensitive.
“Do you want to say that I’m oversensitive on this issue?” Dolores answered before he reacted. With a smile, she said, “All right. I might have been oversensitive. Let’s go to bed early. You’ll take an early flight tomorrow. You should have a good sleep.”
Dolores had a self-reflection and realized that she had been a bit oversensitive recently. Matthew and she had been together for whole life, she still suspected that he was hiding something from her. She didn't think it was appropriate.
“How long haven’t we separated?” She unbuttoned the buttons on his collar and cuffs considerately. Since Matthew left the company to the management team, he seldom wore business suits. Instead, he wore casual clothes. It was because of Joshua’s wedding, so he put on a suit again.
Dolores seriously unbuttoned his shirt. “Go to take a shower,” she said.
Matthew looked down at her. “Why do you treat me so well suddenly?”
She raised her brows. “Didn’t I treat you well before?”
“Of course.” Matthew grabbed her hands. “You’ve stripped me. Why don’t you help me bathe?”
“Stop kidding, old man!” She patted his hands off. “Go take a shower.”
Matthew smiled in silence. He went to the bathroom obediently. It seemed that Armand’s interruption had removed Dolores’s suspicion completely.
The next morning, Matthew took the earliest flight and left.
Dolores stayed in Armand’s house.
They didn’t wait for Joshua and Bonnie for breakfast.
“Let’s eat.” Theresa poured a glass of milk for Dolores. “They should have it in the hotel.”
Dolores picked up the milk. “Theresa, please don’t go to your store today. Let’s go out to do something else.”
There were a lot of designers in the tailor’s shop, so Theresa didn’t need to go there every day. She sat down, took a piece of toast, and applied some peanut butter on it. “What are we going to do?” she asked.
“I must buy a new house for the kids. They can’t stay all the time in the hotel. If they stayed here, it would be too crowded. I must get them a new house so they could stay in their own home,” said Dolores.
“Yeah. They are so young and just married. They should enjoy their private world. Okay. After breakfast, I’ll go out with you,” said Theresa.
“Are you having breakfast so early?” Joshua and Bonnie came in.
“Why didn’t you wait for us?” Joshua walked into the dining room and pulled a chair for Bonnie.
“We wanted to wait for you, but we thought you wouldn’t come here for breakfast. Why did you guys get up so early?” Theresa stood up to get the tableware for them.
“We seldom sleep in usually,” Joshua smiled and answered.
Before Theresa could answer the question, Armand chimed in, “But it was your wedding day yesterday, wasn’t it? We thought you couldn’t get up in the morning, so we didn’t wait for you.”
His words were full of ambiguous implications.
Bonnie lowered her head, blushing slightly.
Joshua was a man. Although Armand was a friend of his father, he was like a friend of Joshua. They were quite close and always spoke directly to each other. “Oh, you’ve experienced it before. That’s why you know,” Joshua joked.
Armand choked up for a moment.
“You brad, how dare you jest at me!” Armand said angrily but he smiled. “You’ve become like me more and more. Like my son.”
“I can be your son, but you must let me inherit all your legacy.” Joshua took over the tableware from Theresa. He looked up and smiled. “Do you want to recognize me as your son?”
Theresa faked being anger. "I dare not. You haven't called us Dad and Mom yet, but you are coveting our properties. You are so greedy!"
“Exactly! Too greedy!” Armand echoed.
“Look at you. So stingy! Do you think I truly want your properties?” Joshua bit on a piece of toast and said, “I want to eat eggs stewed in tea.”
“I’ll make them tomorrow,” said Theresa.
Joshua smiled.
"I'll go out to find you a new house today. Do you have any requirements, Bonnie?” Dolores gave Bonnie her fried egg.
"Up to you, Mom. I don't have any requirements. It'll be better if it's closer to the company, so it's convenient for Joshua." Bonnie was quite shy. “Mom, please have the egg.”
She put her plate in front of Dolores. “I’m not quite hungry. I’ve had a piece of toast just now.”
The breakfast in the hotel was quite simple -- fried eggs, some toast, fruits, and milk.
“Just eat it. I’ll look at as many houses as possible before making the decision.” Dolores reached out and tossed a strand of hair for Bonnie and put it at the back of her ears. “You can go back to the hotel for a rest after breakfast.”
She was afraid that Bonnie would feel shy if staying here.
Bonnie lowered her head and answered, “Okay, Mom.”
After breakfast, Dolores wanted to clean up the table, but Theresa stopped her. “Let Armand do it. Let’s go.”
Armand looked at them pitifully. “I can clean the table, but can you take me along with you?” he asked.
Joshua and Bonnie had gone back to the hotel. Boyce and Jasmine had left. Now if Dolores and Theresa also went out, Armand would be alone at home.
“If you are bored, just go to your factory.” Theresa looked at him. “You can’t leave everything to Joshua completely. He just got married. You should help him keep an eye.”
Armand was silent.
"I found you dote Joshua more than doting me. You are so considerate of him. Why aren't you considerate for me?" he complained in a grievance.
“Joshua had never done anything wrong to me. But, have you?” Theresa looked at him with a smile.
Armand shushed immediately.
“I’ll clean the table and do the dishes. I’ll also prepare for lunch.”
Dolores could hardly hold back her laughter while watching them. She patted Theresa and said, “Could you just stop bullying Armand?”
“No, she’s not bullying me. I volunteered,” Armand hurriedly said.
Theresa cast him a glance and went upstairs. “I’ll go get changed.”
In the past, Dolores felt quite sorry for Theresa. She felt that Theresa had tolerated a lot of grievances after being with Armand. In fact, she did. She even couldn’t become a mother all her life because of Armand, which was the regret of her whole life.
Watching how Theresa and Armand got along now, Dolores felt sorry for Armand. However, she didn't think Theresa had gone too far. Theresa had suppressed herself for a long time, and finally, she could lead a worry-free life proudly. Dolores felt happy for her.
“Alas... She doesn’t care about my dignity even when there are guests.” Armand rubbed his nose. He felt embarrassed because he was mocked at such an age.
Dolores helped him clean the table "I'll do the dishes. No one is mocking you. She has suffered a lot. You should be generous to her, obey her, and dote her," said she.
“I’ll do it, Dolores. You can go out early. I know it, so I won’t get angry no matter what she does to me. I know I’ve owed her all my life. It’s already the greatest gift from her since she has forgiven me and been with me.” Armand knew everything quite well.
He understood everything.
In the small town.
After Evelyn had been to a big herb store in the city and found the herb she wanted, she started to cure Andrew.
"No worries. I'll cure you for sure." She seriously weighed and dispensed the herbs.
There was a room in her house in which three walls were covered by the cabinets. All different kinds of herbs were stored there. There was a rectangular table in front with an electronic balance. In the past, her family used the balance with weight scales. Now she used the electronic one.
Andrew was sitting on the chair next to her. He had used to the herb smell that fulfilled this room. He turn in the direction where she was speaking and said, "Are you sure my blindness wasn't caused by my injury this time?"
#####Chapter 1025 Prize
Evelyn blinked while looking at him. “Why? Don’t you believe me? Are you afraid I might not cure your eyes?”
“I like being this way.” Andrew chuckled.
“Why? You even can’t see me.” Evelyn looked quite serious. “I must cure you.”
Andrew waved at her. “Come here.”
Evelyn put down the herbs in her hands and walked to him. Then she sat on his lap naturally. She had a faint scent of the herbs, which didn’t smell bad. It made his mind clear instead.
Andrew stroked her through her back to her cheek, pinching it gently. “I’m afraid you’re too ugly. I’ll be freaked out.”
Evelyn pressed her head on his shoulder. “You said you won’t mind if I was ugly. Why? Do you want to go back on your word?”
“Of course not.” Andrew’s tone suddenly became quite serious and deep. “If you were truly ugly, I’ll marry you as well.”
“If I was ugly and poor, what would you marry me for?” Evelyn looked at him. Her nose tip slightly touched his cheek. Her breath was exhaled onto his skin.
Feeling the warmth, Andrew didn’t mind it at all. Instead, he enjoyed the feeling.
He also wondered about her question. Would he marry her for her beautiful voice, knowing Chinese medicine, or being so kind?
He didn’t know the exact answer. He only knew that he enjoyed being with her a lot. Although he hadn’t seen her face yet, her voice was sweet and gentle
It was a cool breeze in the summer, gently touching his heart.
Holding Evelyn, Andrew could clearly feel her thin and soft body. His heart fluctuated.
He guessed that probably he would marry her for the feeling she brought him.
That was a feeling that he had never experienced from another woman.
“You are so skinny. How did you manage to carry me down from the hill?” It was so difficult for him to imagine such a soft and weak girl to carry him on her back and went down the hill
“Although I’m thin, I’m not weak,” said Evelyn, “You might not win against me in a fight.”
Since her childhood, her grandmother had nursed her health. Evelyn looked weak, but she had power. In the past, she also learned martial arts from an old hermit for self-protection, because her grandmother was afraid that she would be bullied. She made great progress in it. An ordinary man might not win against her.
“For real?” Andrew smiled. Obviously, he didn’t believe her.
Evelyn slight frowned and said, “Let’s have an arm wrestling.”
“Sure, but we must get a prize for the winner. It’ll be more interesting.” Andrew pressed his lips with a hidden scheme.
Evelyn didn't pay attention to it. She was thinking about what prize was good for her.
“The one who loses will give the winner one promise without any condition. What do you think?” Andrew added.
Since Evelyn rescued Andrew, the latter had been recovering all the time. Although he looked tall and strong, he looked pretty fragile. Evelyn believed that she could fight against two adult men at the same time, so she didn’t think it would be a problem to win against Andrew.
She had completely ignored that he was a soldier.
#####Chapter 1026 Admit Defeat
“Okay! It’s a deal!”
“Deal!” Andrew reached out his hand.
Evelyn said, “Wait a minuted.”
She went to bring a stool over and put it opposite Andrew. In between, she also put a small table, making it quite formal.
“All right.” She sat opposite him and pulled Andrew’s arm on the table. Holding his hand, she said, “I’m ready.”
Andrew was quite calm and casual. “If you made my arm tilt for one per cent, you would be the winner.”
Evelyn raised her eyebrows. “You look down upon women, don’t you? You’ll suffer a loss.”
Andrew only smiled calmly.
However, when Evelyn increased her strength, she found that although Andrew looked fragile after being injured, his arm was full of strength. She couldn’t move him a bit at all.
She frowned, realizing that she might be too careless. However, it was too late for her to regret it. It was like archery. Once, the arrow was released, it couldn’t come back. Since Andrew couldn’t see, she secretly used both hands.
Andrew found it but didn’t expose her, letting her use her both hands at the same time.
It turned out even if she had used both hands, she couldn’t shake Andrew’s arm at all.
“I’m a girl. You must let me win.” Evelyn pouted. “You are a man.”
“I only used twenty per cent of my strength. What else should I do?” Andrew laughed complacently. “You lost. You must promise one thing.”
Evelyn was speechless.
It wasn't until then did she realize that she had fallen into his trap.
“I give up.” She released him.
When she was about to withdraw her hand, Andrew grabbed it with strength. Then he withdrew his arm and pulled her into his arms. While doing it, he knocked over the table between them and there was a loud bang.
“Uh...”
Evelyn was startled. When she returned to her senses, she found herself in his arms. “What do you want?”
“Of course, I want my prize.” Andrew wrapped around her waist tightly, his fingers rubbing her skin.
Evelyn’s heart was racing. She stammered, “What... what prize do you want?”
She was usually sharp-tongued and graceful. Right then, Andrew couldn’t see her expression, but he could feel that she was shy.
Imagine her blushed face, Andrew believed that she must look quite adorable now.
He laughed and said, “A kiss.”
Evelyn was silent.
She whispered, “Did you set me up?”
“I’m blind. How could I set you up?” Andrew didn’t admit it. “You must admit defeat for the bet.”
#####Chapter 1027 You’ve Slept in My Bed
“What if I don’t?” Evelyn looked at him secretly.
Since they were quite close, she could clearly saw the fine fluff on his face. The wound on his forehead had almost recovered. There was only a slight scar. Even she was looking at him so closely, she couldn’t find any defect on his face. He was so handsome.
Andrew couldn’t see but his hearing was quite sensitive. He could know where she was facing upon her gentle breath. “I’ll give you a chance to take advantage of me...” he said.
While he spoke, he pressed the back of her head and accurately found her lips. He bent down and kissed her.
Evelyn didn’t struggle or close her eyes. She kept staring at him and kissed him back slowly...
Due to their little interactions, the herb soup that was supposed to be ready by two in the afternoon was ready by four in the end.
Evelyn complained, “It’s all your fault. The herb soup is delayed.”
She poured the soup into the bowl.
The boiled soup was quite hot, and its smell fulfilled the room.
She wanted to cool it down, so she went to got some candy.
She know it was quite bitter, so she prepared candy deliberately.
Later, it would cover the bitterness in Andrew’s mouth.
“You must trust me.” Evelyn took the bowl of soup to Andrews. “I will cure you for sure.”
“I trust you,” said Andrew. He truly meant it. He trusted this girl. If she would harm him, he wouldn’t have survived until now.
When getting along with her, he had found that she was a kind girl with a strong hands-on ability.
He had never met such a kind of girl.
She was so young but she knew Chinese traditional medicine.
Evelyn put the bowl next to her lips and tested the temperature. When she ensured that the soup had cooled down, she put it next to Andrew’s lips. “Take it. It’s quite bitter. I got you some candy.”
Andrew smelt the strong herb smell with steam.
He opened his mouth. Evelyn cooperated with his swallowing speed and slowly tilted the bowl.
The soup smelt bad and tasted quite bitter.
However, Andrew didn’t frown at all when taking it.
Soon, he finished taking the soup. Evelyn put down the bowl and get him a glass of plain water. Then she fed him with candy.
She was quite careful and patient.
For dinner, she cooked the dumplings with shredded shepherd's purses.
She made them yesterday. Since she had made a lot of them, she put some into the fridge. Hence, she cook it for dinner tonight.
It was already dark outside. She closed the door of the yard. At the door, there was a lamp to light up the whole yard, in which there was a square table.
She put the dumplings, bowls, tableware, dipping sauce, and stir-fried vegetables on it.
“We’ll have dinner in the yard today.” She helped Andrew go out of the door and to the yard. Then she helped him sit down on a stool.
“Is it too short?” The table and stools were all small, so they were short as well.
“Not really.” Andrew sat down.
Evelyn sat next to him. “What would you like to eat tomorrow? I’ll cook for you.”
Andrew just felt that she was amazing. She knew the Chinese traditional medicine, played martial arts, and was good at cooking. The soup, stir-fried vegetables, and dumplings with wild herbs that she made were all tasty.
“I’m not picky.”
Evelyn started feeding him. “Oh, it’s easy to raise you, then.”
Andrew asked, “So, will you raise me?”
“Of course.” Evelyn used his chopsticks, picked up a dumpling, and put it into his mouth. “You’ve slept in my bed. You are mine now.”
#####Chapter 1028 I’ll Be Responsible for You
Andrew was taken aback for a moment. Earlier, he was teasing, but he felt that she had teased him.
“There are stars in the sky tonight, quite bright. When you can see, shall we sit in the yard and look at the stars?” Evelyn looked up and stared at the starry night. “I don’t think you could see such a starry night in big cities.”
She withdrew her gaze and looked at Andrew. "Does your family live in a big city?"
Andrew nodded frankly. “Yes.”
“How many family members do you have?” asked she again.
“My parents, my younger sister, and young brother.” Andrew reached out to rub her head. “They’ll also be your family in the future.”
“Are you the oldest?” Evelyn smiled. “If I married you, I would become their sister-in-law.”
He smiled affectionately. “Of course.”
Evelyn covered her mouth and smiled. “Will they like me?”
“Of course. They are both quite kind.”
Evelyn thought for a while and tilted her head. “I’ll also take good care of them.”
Andrew laughed. “You are so young. Why would you like to take care of them?”
Evelyn also laughed. “Because I’m their oldest brother’s wife.”
Andrew smiled, holding her in his arms.
After dinner, Andrew was sitting in the yard and enjoyed the peace, breathing some fresh air.
Evelyn did dishes and cleaned the table.
After that, she sat next to Andrew in the yard for a while. They didn’t go back into the house until past eight.
Evelyn helped him go upstairs. “I’ve plugged in the water heater. There should be hot water. Let me help you bathe.”
Andrew paused a bit. Turning in the direction where her voice came from, he asked, “Are you sure?”
“Did I help you bathe last time? Why? I won’t take advantage of you. Actually, it’s me who would suffer a loss,” Evelyn mumbled, “I don’t mind you are poor and blind. I let you share my bed. I cook for you and help you bathe. I treat you so well. You can’t find any other woman who would be so good for you.”
“How do you know I’m poor?” Andrew had never told her about his family. He wondered why she misunderstood that he was from a poor family.
“Of course. If you were from a rich family, you would stay home and inherit the legacy. You would be a rich business owner, wouldn’t you? How could a man from a rich family give up the wealthy life, serve in the military, and always live in danger?” Evelyn said affirmatively.
It sounded quite reasonable.
Andrew even didn’t know how to retort.
“What if I’m truly from a rich family and came out to suffer?”
Evelyn looked at him up and down, raising her eyebrows. “You said ‘what if’. It’s such a small possibility No worries. I’ll raise you.”
She helped him to sit on the bed. “I’ll take off your clothes now,” she said.
Andrew was wearing a white T-shirt, bought by Evelyn for him. All his underwear, outfits, and daily supplies were bought by her.
He was raised by Evelyn in the current circumstance.
Since there were no buttons, she grabbed his shirt and lifted it, taking it off for him.
She had cleaned the wounds for him and helped him bathe before, and she knew he was strong. However, whenever she saw his body, she couldn’t help gazing at him.
His figure was way too charming.
In this town, no man had the guts to provoke Evelyn. She was young and good-looking, but she was quite tough.
Even someone was drooling at her appearance, he didn’t dare to pursue her, afraid to be beaten.
Back then, the son of the town chief had a crush on her. She kicked him into the driver when harassing her. It was in the winter. Later, he dared not to bother Evelyn any longer.
Since she didn’t even like the son of the town chief, other men dared not to bother her easily.
Hence, although Evelyn was living alone in the house, no one came to make trouble for her. No one dared to bully her in this town.
“Will you blush?” Evelyn started taking off the pants for Andrew.
Andrew's heart was racing. On the surface, he faked being quite calm. "I'm a man. How could I blush?"
“Why you purposely tightened your face? Aren’t you pretending to be calm?” Evelyn intentionally teased him. Raising his chin, she said, “Don’t worry. If you want to sacrifice yourself to me, I’ll be responsible for you and marry you.”
Andrew was silent.
He wondered if she was flirting with him.
“Evelyn, can’t you be more reserved?”
“I truly love your appearance. If you were too ugly, I wouldn’t have saved you.” Evelyn helped him stand up. “Let’s go to the bathroom.”
The skin of her palms was quite soft and smooth. When she touched Andrew, his muscles were all tightened.
After finishing the bath, Evelyn was also wet all over. Since Andrew couldn't see her, she also showered and went out of the bathroom together with him.
She helped Andrew sit on the bed. When she was about to get the hairdryer from downstairs, he suddenly called her.
“Evelyn.”
“Ehn?”
She looked back. He wrapped around her waist, pulled her into his arms, and pressed her below his body.
Evelyn wasn’t panicked. She widened her bright eyes and looked at him who was above her.
She pinched the bedsheet.
Her heart hammered.
“Evelyn, I’ll be responsible for you,” said Andrew.
#####Chapter 1029 Dared to Catch a Viper with Bare Hand
“I know.” Evelyn held her breath and dared not to move a bit. She could only hear her heart beating so violently.
Right then, she was so nervous. However, she didn’t want to retreat. Instead, she took the initiative and wrapped her arms around his neck.
Everything happened so naturally.
...
In the morning, the sunshine shone through the crack of the curtain, falling into the room gently.
In the bed, Evelyn’s small body was nestling in Andrew’s arms. She was still sleeping soundly.
When the clock on the wall showed it was eight o’clock, Evelyn felt her cheek tickled. “Hmm--”
She moved a bit and slowly opened her eyes. There was light in the room. She closed her eyes and opened them twice. Then she completely opened them.
"Are you awake?" Andrew's eyes were opened, but he couldn't see her. He could only stroke her features with his hands.
Probably it was because Andrew couldn’t see her, she wasn’t embarrassed. Reaching out her hands, she also stroked his features. The longer she looked at him, the more handsome she felt he was. She looked up and pecked him on his lips. “Are you hungry?” she asked.
It was already past eight. Usually, they had breakfast at seven o’clock in the morning.
“Ehn--” He answered in a deep tone as if it was from his chest. In the end, he lengthened the tone, sounding so ambiguous.
Evelyn grabbed the towel to cover herself. “I’ll cook for you...”
As soon as she lifted the quilt, Andrew wrapped her slender body with his hands and held her together with the quilt in his arms together.
“Let me get up. I’ll prepare for the breakfast.” Evelyn slightly struggled.
“You are my breakfast.” Andrew held her tightly with his strong arms. “You are a little liar.”
Evelyn was confused in silence.
“You told me you are ugly. Didn’t you lie?”
“Can you see me now?” Hurriedly, she waved her hand in front of him and muttered, “It shouldn’t be. It will take at least several times for you to get better.”
Andrew's eyes were not caused by any injury. When he was in the mountain, the power of some kind of butterfly dropped in his eyes, so it caused disturbances of visual acuity.
This kind of butterfly had quite colourful wings.
Seeing that he didn’t respond, she could tell that he still couldn’t see anything yet. She asked, “You can’t see me at all. How do you know I’m not ugly?”
Andrew smiled without answering her.
Every night, he would stroke her face with his hands. Although he didn’t have a clear picture, he had a rough illusion, which was told by his fingers. He roughly pictured what she looked like in his mind.
Evelyn suddenly felt a bit frustrated, afraid that her appearance would disappoint him.
She clung to her fact on his chest. "No matter what I look like, you must remember how well I treat you."
“I won’t forget.”
Andrew kissed her on her forehead gently.
However, right now, in the town.
Noah said, “We’ve searched for him here. The top has sent several men here. Why did you have to come here in person?”
Matthew looked solemn. “If your son disappeared and no one knew if he was alive, would you feel easy?”
Noah was rendered speechless.
In fact, he was afraid that Matthew’s appearance here would make Dolores suspect. However, he believed that Matthew would have dealt with it well.
"We've enlarged the scale of search. Please don't worry." Noah took the lead in front. "Although it happened nearby here, I don't think we could find him nearby. There are two towns and seven or eight villages around this area. We've done the comb search but failed to find him. I'm wondering if our strategy was wrong. Probably he's not here now."
Matthew didn’t answer. He wanted to see the scene first.
The scene was in the mountain and it would take him two to three hours to enter.
Noah followed him and explained the situation, "The town just now was the closest place to the scene. We've searched there twice, but the villagers all said no stranger had been there before. We did search for him inside their houses. If any of them saw someone injured and rescued him, they shouldn't have hidden him. Hence, I don't think he's here."
Besides, who would hide an unknown man in their houses?
The scene had been damaged. Matthew saw a lot of footprints without any clue.
However, his intuition told him that if Andrew was still safe, he must be nearby here. After all, it was rare for outsiders to come over, and nor would they come into such a mountainous area.
Who would come to such a remote place?
Hence, Matthew didn’t think the search scale was quite big.
Out of the mountain, Matthew found a detailed investigation -- since the mountain was located on the border of two countries, ordinary people wouldn't go there
Hence, there were a lot of wild animals on the mountain.
There was a local black market, in which the wild animals were traded secretly.
Due to its existence, some people would go to the mountain. Hence, whoever went to the mountain would possibly find Andrew.
That could explain why Andrew was completely missing.
If it was a person who secretly engaged in wild animal trading when he met Andrew, he would either rescue Andrew and hid it from others due to their dark trades, or he would kill Andrew to avoid their trades from being exposed.
No matter what had happened, Matthew believed that it was a key to find Andrew's whereabouts.
If they didn’t have any method, no matter how big the search scale would be, it would be useless.
"According to your guess, anyone who had been to the mountain would have a chance to find Andrew, right?" Noah was enlightened. "I agree. We should find those people who probably had been to the mountain."
"I'll send someone to look into it." When Noah was about to stand up, he recalled something and then sat down. "We searched in one house in this town before. There was just a girl living in the house. She had a lot of herbs. The citizens of the town also said she often goes to the mountain. However, we've searched in her house but couldn't find Andrew. I don't think a girl would hide an unknown man in her house, would she?"
Matthew looked up at him.
Meeting his ink-black eyes, Noah hurriedly said, “I’d rather make a mistake than missing anything. I’ll ask my man to go there again.”
“Is it far from here?” asked Matthew.
“Not really. It’s on a hill in that direction,” Noah pointed in the direction where Evelyn’s house was.
“Let’s go there now.” Matthew stood up. Noah wanted to persuade him to take a rest first as he never rested after his flight had landed. However, if his son were missing, Noah didn’t think he would have the mood to rest either.
“I’ll show you the way,” said Noah.
It was almost seven in the evening now, so they went over with several other men.
When their car arrived at the bottom of the hill, they found the lane was way too narrow. Hence, they couldn’t drive up but only walk.
They parked the car next to the hill.
“Someone in the town said the girl in this house is quite bold,” one of the men said.
Noah took a glance at him. “How bold?”
“They said she dared to catch a viper with bare hands. Isn’t she bold? Many women would be freaked out when seeing a snake.”
#####Chapter 1030 Found Him
Noah raised his eyebrows. “For real?”
The man said, “Yeah, it’s real. Someone in the town witnessed it himself.”
Another man said, “Let’s see what kind of girl it is late.”
While talking, they walked towards the hill.
Right then, the cell phone in Matthew’s pocket started ringing. He pulled it out and found it was a call from Dolores. He paused a bit. After Noah and other men went afar, he swiped to answer it.
“Hello...”
“Why did it take you so long to answer the phone?” Dolores asked hoarsely in a strong nasal voice.
“What happened?” His face tightened immediately.
“Uncle Kevin... He passed away.”
Matthew wasn’t quite surprised. After all, his doctor had mentioned that at the most he could only witness Joshua’s wedding.
“I’ll go back now.”
He hung up the home and called Noah back.
“What’s wrong?” Noah trotted over.
“I must go back. Please go on searching here,” said Matthew.
“Haven’t you just arrived? Why are you going back now? Has anything happened? Or...”
Matthew interrupted him, telling him that Kevin had passed away.
Noah nodded. “I see. Please rest assure and leave everything to me. I’ll investigate as you suggested.”
Afraid that Matthew was still worried, Noah added, “I’ll try my best to find Andrew as soon as possible.”
Matthew didn't answer. He put his hand on Noah's shoulder in silence, which actually implied a lot of things. Although he didn't speak a single word, Noah knew how heavy the burden was on his shoulders.
"I'll try." Noah gave him a ride to the airport. The men who came with them would continue searching for Andrew.
After Matthew had arrived, without a rest, he had to rush back.
They had to drive to the city so he could take a flight.
Noah drove directly to the airport in the city.
However, they didn't find a suitable flight to fly back, so Matthew changed to take the high-speed train instead.
Seeing Matthew get on the train, Noah left.
It took him a whole night to see off Matthew and come back to the town.
When he finally got back, it was almost bright
However, the good news was waiting for him.
“Andrew Nelson has been found,” someone trotted over to tell him good news as soon as Noah had parked the car.
“When?” he asked.
“Last night.”
After Noah and Matthew were gone, those men continued to search. In the evening, Evelyn was having dinner with Andrew in the yard, which was seen by them.
“Where is he now? Why didn’t you call me last night?” Noah asked in a deep tone.
“We tried to call you but couldn’t get through.”
“How could it be?” Noah thought that he was talking nonsense. He pulled out the phone from his pocket, but the screen didn’t light up after he pressed the buttons. It turned out that his phone was dead.
“How could it be dead at the critical moment.” He felt a bit annoyed
“We’ve picked up Andrew Nelson as well as the girl who has saved him,” the man reminded Noah.
Noah said, “Okay. I’ll go check on him. That’s the most important.”
It was good to find Andrew.
He strode ahead while asking, “Is he OK?”
The man who followed him paused a bit. “Well, he’s blind.”
"What?" Noah couldn't keep calm. His face went livid and pale.
“But he’ll be fine. The girl who has saved him said it could be cured.”
Noah felt as if he was riding a roller coaster when hearing the bad and good news. He said, “Okay. Let’s get in.”
They stayed in a house in this town. There were a lot of family members in this house, but they were all out of town now. The whole house was empty.
They rented it.
After they had found Andrew, they took him to this house.
When Noah entered the door, he saw Andrew sitting on the chair. He strode over to him. “Andrew...”
“Uncle Noah?” Andrew greeted him when hearing his voice.
Noah grabbed his shoulders, his hands trembling. "Good you are fine. I'm so glad. Otherwise, I don't know how to explain it to your parents. And your eyes..."
“I’m fine,” said Andrew with a smile. “Evelyn will cure my eyes for me.”
Noah was stunned at the name.
He turned around to look at the girl standing behind Andrew.
“She is Evelyn. It’s she who saved me,” said Andrew.
"Thank you so much. Please let me know if you want anything. You've saved Andrew, so you are the benefactor of the Harris and Nelson families. As long as we can afford it, we'll satisfy your conditions." Noah wanted to thank this girl who had saved Andrews.
“Uncle Noah,” Andrew called him.
“I’m here.” Noah reached out to grab his hand. “Since you were safe, why didn’t you contact us? Don’t you know how much we were worried about you? We dared not to let your mother know and hid it from her. We’re afraid that she wouldn’t bear it after knowing something happened to you.”
“I was in a coma for a long time. After waking up, Evelyn said someone was looking for me outside. I thought it was the remnant of the criminal. Besides, I couldn’t see anything, so I didn’t contact you, afraid to bring you trouble and danger.”
He also was afraid that he had become blind, which would worry his family, so he didn’t contact them right away.
“Evelyn said my eyes will be recovered in a few days, so I decided to contact you when I’ve recovered. Sorry for worrying you all.”
“It’s alright. It’s alright. The most important is you are safe and sound. I’ll call your father. He has just left last night.” As he spoke, Noah asked a man to pass him a cell phone.
“Did my father come over? How about my mother?” asked Andrew.
“Your father came here alone. Your mother didn’t know what happened to you. We’ve been hiding it from him. You know she’s quite fragile, so we’re afraid she wouldn’t be able to bear the bad news.” He dialled the number and put it next to his ear.
“Don’t tell them about my eyes. I don’t want them to worry,” said Andrew.
Noah looked at him and said, “Okay.”
Meanwhile, the call was connected.
“Andrew has been found, Matthew,” he said.
“When?”
"When you were leaving last night. He was safe and sound. Don't worry. We'll go back now."
“Ehn.”
“We’ll go back to City B first, then to City C,” said Noah.
“Ehn.”
Noah hung up the phone, looking over at Andrew. After a hesitation, he said, “Grandpa Kevin passed away.”
Then he comforted Andrew, “It’s a destiny for the old. Please restrain your grief.”
Andrew knew it but he still felt upset. “Shall we go back today?”
“Yeah. We should set off now. Then we’ll be able to attend his funeral,” said Noah.
Andrew also thought so. They went back to City B together. Since Evelyn would cure his eyes, she followed them.
When Noah left City B, he told Chloe what had happened honesty, so she also know about Andrew's matter. Seeing him come back safely, Chloe felt quite lucky
“Your uncle has told me everything, Andrew. Take a rest. He’s arranging your trip to City C. We can set off tonight.”
#####Chapter 1031 Remuneration
“Okay. Thanks, Aunt Chloe,” answered Andrew.
“It’s been a long journey. You should be thirsty now. I’ll let you a glass of water.” Chloe went to get some water.
“Evelyn,” Andrew reached out his hand, “Where are you?”
Evelyn put her hand in his palm. He gripped her hand and said, "When we arrived at City C, you'll meet my parents, younger brother, and younger sister..."
“Andrew,” Evelyn interrupted him. She had originally thought for real that he was from an ordinary family. However, since they came back, on the way, she could feel how well others treated Andrew. Also, when they mentioned Andrew’s father, she could tell that his father wasn’t ordinary.
“You are not from an ordinary family, are you?” she asked.
“No worries, Evelyn. My mom is a gentle woman. She will like you.” Andrew didn’t want to give her any fixed impression first. He said, “You don’t need to worry. My family members are all easygoing. I like you, and do will they.”
When Chloe walked over with a glass of water, she heard what Andrew said and paused her paces, gazing at Evelyn. In the beginning, she had thought that Evelyn had just saved Andrew. However, now she realized that there was something between them.
She wondered if Evelyn had done something to Andrew when he was blind. Otherwise, how could Andrew like her when he was blind?
In Chloe’s opinion, Evelyn was just a country girl, who didn't deserve Andrew at all. She couldn't marry into the Nelson family.
She walked over, passing the glass of water to Andrew. Looking at Evelyn, Chloe said, “May I talk with you? I just want to know what happened after Andrew has been saved.”
“Of course,” Evelyn answered, not too humble nor too arrogant.
“Aunt Chloe, Evelyn is quite timid. Don’t scare her.” Andrew smiled. Evelyn had just arrived, so he was worried that she hadn’t got used to it yet
Chloe looked at him. “You brad, since when have you become so caring?”
She wondered if he was obsessed. Andrew had never cared about or been so protective to any other girl before.
He hadn’t seen the country girl’s look but he could be so protective, so Chloe believed that Evelyn must have done something to him.
"No worries. I don't eat humans," Chloe said with a smile.
Andrew couldn’t see, so he couldn’t judge Chloe’s intention right now.
“Come on. Let me show you around.” Chloe took Evelyn's hands friendly. "Although it's an old residential area, no ordinary family could move in here."
Evelyn pressed her lips in silence, nodding politely.
When they reached a place where Andrew couldn’t hear her voice, Chloe put away her smile. “Do you know anything about Andrew’s family?”
“It should be quite influential,” said Evelyn.
She just felt it that way, but she didn’t know any details
“It should be?” Chloe smiled. “It is indeed. His family is more than influential.”
Evelyn smiled and said, “For real?”
"Of course," Chloe stopped beating around the bush. "A few days ago, his younger brother got married. The bride's father was an important government official. You now know how good Andrew's family background is. I heard you are an orphan."
Evelyn was quite smart, so she understood what Chloe meant.
"His family is a super-rich and powerful family. If you have any evil intention, you want to climb up by marrying him." Chloe's words were quite harsh and awful. "You've saved Andrew. We do appreciate you. No matter how much you want, we can give it to you. However, since you played dirty tricks to deceive Andrew. We won't allow you to achieve your goals."
“What did I do to deceive him?” Evelyn frowned and couldn’t bear Chloe’s sarcasm at all.
“He’s blind now. How could he like you?” Chloe looked at her in disdain. “Tell me about it.”
Evelyn was speechless.
"Even if he liked you, his family wouldn't accept you. To be honest, all our family members are quite important in either business or political circles. No one would accept a girl like you. Tell me how much you want directly. You'd better give up your evil intention now."
“I don’t have any evil intentions,” said Evelyn stubbornly. “I save him because I’m a doctor. I don’t need your money.”
“You are alone. I know it’s difficult for you. Here’s five hundred thousand.” Chloe gave her a check.
Evelyn gazed at the check, feeling that her self-esteem was harmed.
“As I said, I didn’t save him for money.” Evelyn walked into the house, wrote down a herb prescription, and gave it to Chloe. “The herbs left are only for Andrew to have for one day. You can get more herbs according to this prescription. His eyes will be recovered in a few days.”
After that, she turned away. She came here with Andrew alone without any suitcase. Hence, she was leaving without anything now.
When she passed by the entrance, she turned around and paused. She looked back at Andrew, who was in the living room. Although she liked this man a lot, she also has strong dignity.
At this moment, she wished that Andrew was from an ordinary family instead of an influential one. Hence, they could fit each other.
"Keep this." Chloe chased after her, pressing the check into her hands. "We won't let you suffer any loss. You deserve it. You also need an allowance to live alone. Just keep it."
“I can make money myself. Thank you.” Evelyn returned the check to her. She wasn’t willing to keep it and she couldn’t.
She didn’t save Andrew for money.
"Not all poor people dreamed to climb up. I didn't know he was from a rich family when I saved him. I saved him by the instinct of being a doctor. If I had known he had from such a family that only looks upon the family background, I would have tossed him out of my house long ago." After finishing her words, Evelyn turned away.
She was always a worry-free girl. She wasn’t willing to lead a life that she must fawn on others.
As Chloe said, the family backgrounds of her and Andrew were too different.
Even if she could tell Andrew now that she wanted to be with him, she couldn’t accept that others would look at her in disdain.
All Evelyn wanted was equality.
Even she was from a poor family, she hoped to be respected. She hadn’t met his parents yet, but his uncle’s wife had already looked down upon her.
She didn't have the confidence or courage to meet her family.
Chloe was standing at the door, frowning. For a moment, she was in a panic, wondering if Evelyn didn’t accept it because the money was too little.
She returned to the house. Andrew felt the movements from the door. He asked gingerly, “Evelyn?”
“It’s me.” Chloe walked in. “Andrew, I’ll make the herb soup for you.”
As she spoke, she picked up the bag that Evelyn put on the sofa, in which there were herbs. She could make the herb soup by putting it into the pot.
At this moment, she guessed that she might have gone too far.
She shouldn’t have said such harsh words.
However, Andrew couldn’t see at all. He hadn’t met Evelyn face-to-face at all. Chloe didn’t believe that he would like Evelyn.
She still felt that Evelyn must have played dirty tricks on Andrew.
Hence, she felt less guilty.
Andrew didn’t hear Evelyn’s voice, so he asked, “Where is Evelyn?”
#####Chapter 1032 Without a Broad Mind
Chloe looked away. Although she knew that Andrew couldn’t see, she dared not to look into his eyes. “She said she needed to deal with something else, so she went back home,” she said.
“What?” Andrew obviously didn’t believe her. “She has no family. Why would she go home?”
“I don’t know either.” As she spoke, Chloe went into the kitchen.
Andrew was left alone in the living room. He couldn't see, so even he doubted something, he couldn't go to find Evelyn right away.
He didn’t look as calm as earlier, and his face gradually darkened.
After two hours, Noah got everything arranged and they boarded the flight to City C. He didn't see Evelyn, so he asked, “Where is that girl?”
Andrew was sitting on the window seat. His eyes were as black as the night, expressionlessly. Noah asked, “What happened?”
Chloe answered, “She said she needed to deal with something, so she went home. Andrew might be unhappy because she’s gone.”
Noah frowned. “Why did she go back so suddenly? She has saved Andrew. We haven’t thanked her yet. How come she has left?”
Andrew was still expressionless.
Chloe thought for a moment. She believed that she must make it clear to Andrew. “Do you like that girl, Andrew?”
Andrew didn’t answer, but he meant yes.
“She’s an orphan. You can’t see anything. What on her makes you like her?” Chloe asked again.
“Andrew, you don’t fit each other. Firstly, you are from two different families...” she added.
“Did you say something to her?” Andrew suddenly interrupted her in a cold tone.
Chloe paused and answered, “I did say something to her. I told her about your family. Did I do something wrong?”
Noah frowned and snapped, “Who do you think you are to speak such words to her?”
“Am I an outsider?” Chloe asked.
“She has saved Andrew. She’s our benefactor...”
"But she has evil intentions. Andrew even didn't see her. How could he like her? She must have played some dirty tricks." Chloe didn't think she had made a mistake, insisting that she had done something right.
“I did it for Andrew’s good. I’m afraid he’ll be deceived...”
“You are so stupid!” Noah snapped, “No matter what. You don’t have the right to deal with this matter. Doesn’t Andrew have parents? Who do you think you are to deal with his matter?”
"I did it for Andrew's good. Do you want me to watch him be deceived without doing anything? Then I'll be so wrong!" Chloe still didn't realize her mistake. She believed that it was abnormal for Andrew to like a girl while being blind.
“If you like someone, you should like her appearance, right?”
“Can’t he like her for her character? If people only like good-looking ones, do you mean all the bad-looking people would be lonely for all their lives?” Noah was so angry. “How could you be so shallow?”
Chloe was rendered speechless.
She was sitting there in a daze.
Noah heaved a sigh. He patted Andrew on his shoulder, “Please don’t mind your aunt. After everything’s settled, I’ll go with you to find her back.”
“No, thanks,” said Andrew, “It might be my fault. I should have told her the truth at the beginning.”
He knew that although Evelyn was an orphan, she was quite independent with strong self-esteem.
He guessed that she had known their family backgrounds were too different so she was upset.
He would find her later to make it clear to her.
“Just leave this matter like this. Please don’t argue for it and let me feel sorry. It’s all because of me,” said Andrew.
“How could it be your fault? It’s all your aunt’s fault. She spoke something to sent her away.” Noah knew his wife well.
“All right. It’s all my fault.” Chloe was still angry. Until now, she didn’t think she had made a mistake.
She believed that she did it for Andrew’s good.
“She’s just a country girl. How could she match Andrew?” she muttered.
If they were not in public, Noah would scold her. He didn't want to argue with her at this age, which might make others mock them. However, if he didn't scold her, he would feel quite frustrated.
“What the heck do you want?” Noah tried hard to suppress his emotion. However, he couldn’t calm down because of being too angry. “Why can’t you be more board-minded?”
“Do you mean I’m petty?” Chloe looked at him and asked, quite angry.
Noah knew that if they kept speaking to each other, they would start a fight. Hence, he closed his eyes and faked napping.
Chloe, however, didn’t give up. “Why don’t you speak?” she asked.
“I’m not in the mood.” Noah was so irritated. “It’s been so many years. Why can’t you change your character a bit?”
“I know you’ve lost impatience in me,” Chloe said unreasonably, “You regret marrying me, don’t you?”
Noah felt that he was going nuts. “We’ve married for so many years. What are you talking about? Do you want others to mock us? Andrew is still here. Can’t you be more board-minded and care about my dignity in public?”
Chloe’s eyes reddened. She turned to look away. Obviously, she was still angry with Noah.
Noah hit his head helplessly. This woman was not bad usually, but she was still willful and petty inwardly.
Upon hearing them argue, Andrew felt quite awkward. He wondered if he should keep silent or mediate.
However, it was quite inappropriate for him to say something now. Hence, he kept silent.
After the flight landed, they got down from the plane. Joshua and Bonnie came to pick them up.
Seeing them come out of the exit, Joshua trotted over. "Andrew!"
“Joshua?” Andrew recognized his voice.
Joshua hugged him. “I heard you got injured in your mission. Would you...”
“Not at all. I’ll be fine. Don’t worry,” said Andrew.
Noah called them earlier and told them that Andrew was injured when carrying on a mission. Hence, he couldn’t see anything for the time being.
He didn’t mention Andrew’s threatening experience earlier. Only a few people knew about it.
“Hi, Andrew.” Bonnie was standing next to Joshua and greeted Andrew.
Andrew raised his eyebrows. “Bonnie?”
"It's me." She came over to take the other arm of his. "Let's go home."
Andrew said OK. “I couldn’t come back for your wedding. Please forgive me.”
“Joshua and I understand. We know you are busy.”
“I didn’t send you any wedding gift either,” Andrew added.
Bonnie said, “As long as you come back safe and sound, it’s the best gift to us. What will be happier than our family gathering together?”
“Bonnie, you have become a sweet talker. Has Jos taught you so?”
Joshua was speechless.
Bonnie covered her lips. “No one has taught me. I meant it from the bottom of my heart. Mom misses you a lot. You can come back now and it’s the biggest relief for Dad and Mom.”
#####Chapter 1033 You Always Worried Me
When they mention it, the atmosphere was silent. Originally, it was a good thing that Andrew, who seldom came home, came back. However, Kevin passed away. It wasn't a good thing since one of their family had passed away.
“Are Dad and Mom quite upset?” asked Andrew.
“The old will always have such a day. Dad and Mom are quite OK. They are sad but they also know it’s a natural rule, which is inviolable,” Joshua answered.
Out of the airport, Joshua helped Andrew walk to his car. There was another car with a driver. He turned to look at Noah. "Uncle Noah, Aunt Chloe, please sit in this car."
“Okay.” Noah looked as if nothing had happened.
However, Chloe couldn’t be so calm as him. With a long face, she handed over a bag, in which there were herbs and a prescription for Andrew.
“This is Andrew’s medicine,” she said,
Joshua took it over. He noticed that Chloe looked upset. With a smile, he asked, “Aunt Chloe, what happened?”
“She’s mad at me. Just ignore her. Let’s go. We’ll follow your car.” Noah held Chloe in his arms.
Chloe was still angry with him so she broke free from his grip, sitting in the car alone.
All people at the scene could tell that she was quite angry.
Joshua smiled and asked, “Uncle Noah, have you pissed off her?”
Noah didn’t want to lose his dignity in front of the juniors, so he smiled and answered, “Nothing serious. She’s in her menopause.”
Joshua was speechless.
“Hurry and go! Don’t waste time here.” Noah got in the car.
Joshua knew that they were fighting and Noah wasn’t willing to let others know. He didn’t ask anything more. Instead, he opened the door to help Andrew sit in.
“Joshua, I can sit with Andrew on the backseat.” Bonnie was afraid that Andrew was blind now and might have trouble, so she wanted to take care of him.
Joshua nodded in agreement.
Reaching out to rub her hair, he said, “This is my good girl.”
“Fuck off!” Bonnie glared at him. “You are only one year older. Think you are quite old huh? You’re always a kid in front of Andrew.”
Joshua wasn’t angry at all. He laughed out. “Andrew is truly much older than me, but he can’t have a baby earlier than I will. His children are destined to be juniors to mine.”
Bonnie was speechless.
She truly wanted to kick Joshua. He could speak anything in public without care.
“What are you looking at? I’m telling the truth. Andrew even doesn’t have a girlfriend. I’ve got married. How could he catch up with me?” Joshua had a cheeky smile. “Am I right, Andrew?”
Andrew knew him well. He said cooperatively, “Yes.”
“Look. Andrew has admitted it.” Joshua started the engine and took a look back. “Andrew, shall we have a bet?”
“On what?”
Joshua cleared his throat and said, “Just between us, the one who has a child later than the other will take over the family business. What do you think?”
Abbott would retire soon or later, so their family business needed to be managed. Joshua had been working in the company after graduating from college. Until now, he hadn’t had any break yet.
Joshua was sure that he would have a child earlier than Andrew would. Hence, he wanted to make a bet with his older brother, who hadn’t got a girlfriend yet.
Andrew smiled. “Are you so confident to win against me?”
Joshua was full of confidence. “Of course.”
“Okay. I’ll take the bet. If you won, you could leave all the heavy jobs to me. You can travel around the world with Bonnie, and I’ll make money for you. On the contrary, if I won, you must take over all the family businesses and make money for me to spend.”
“No problem.” Joshua was quite confident. “You can’t go back to your word in the end.”
“A gentleman’s word is irretrievable,” said Andrew.
“Have you heard it, Bonnie? You must work hard,” Joshua looked back at Bonnie.
Bonnie was silent.
She was so pissed by Joshua. If they wanted to talk about such a subject, they should avoid her. She felt so embarrassed when listening to them.
She inwardly cursed Joshua.
She glared at him fiercely.
Joshua laughed, “Stop glaring at me. Mind your public image as a gentlewoman.”
Bonnie was speechless.
Andrew laughed as well, feeling that they got along very well, which was a good thing.
After a while, the car stopped. The short happy atmosphere was gone. Instead, there was a heavy and sad atmosphere.
The funeral would be held tomorrow, and the mourning hall was being decorated.
There were a lot of people at the scene.
Although the Nelson family hired a professional company to deal with this matter and they didn't have to do anything, there must be someone making a decision. The company had a lot of details to confirm with the host.
Kevin’s closest family was Matthew, so Matthew was dealing with his funeral.
“Dad and Mom are both here.” Joshua parked the car steadily. Then he walked to the back to open the rear door. Bonnie got off first. Then Joshua and she helped Andrew get down.
The decoration of the mourning hall had already been finished. Matthew was wearing a pure black suit with mourning on his right arm. He was talking to someone decorating the hall. Joshua helped Andrew walk over. He called from afar, “Dad!”
Matthew looked back.
When he saw Andrew, his eyes darkened. He said to the man, “Please go back to your work first. Just do as I told you just now.”
“Okay, Mr. Nelson.”
Matthew walked over.
Andrew released Joshua’s hand and stood upright. “I’m back, Dad.”
Probably it was because Matthew was old. If such a thing happened when Matthew was still young, he would be quite calm. However, right now, his face was fulfilled happiness.
He pressed Andrew’s shoulder. “Good you’re back.”
Noah has called him and told him about Andrew’s status. Hence, he wasn’t surprised when seeing that his son was blind.
“Let’s go in.”
“Do you need any help here?” Joshua asked.
"Nope, thanks." Then Matthew asked them to go to see Dolores.
They went to the lounge behind the mourning hall. Dolores had been accompanying and comforting Jessica all the time.
Jessica and Kevin got married when they were old. They supported each other and spent several years together. Now Kevin had passed away, which was a heavy blow to Jessica.
Knock. Knock--
Suddenly, there were a few knocks on the door of the lounge.
Dolores stood up, only to find that Joshua was at the door.
She poked out but failed to see Andrew. With a frown, she asked, “Haven’t you gone to pick up Andrew? Where is he?”
Joshua blinked. “I didn’t see him.”
Dolores frowned deeply. “How come?”
“Joshua, can’t you be normal?” Bonnie came over while helping Andrew up.
Joshua cast a glance at her. “I just wanted to give Mom a surprise. You know how much she misses her oldest son.”
Dolores patted Joshua on his back. “How old are you now? So naughty!”
“I’m mature enough.” Joshua bypassed her and walked in. “Hi, Grandma.”
Jessica’s hair was completely white. She had wrinkles on her face and her eyes had become cloudy. She was quite skinny.
Jessica reached out to him. “Where is Andrew?”
“Outside the door.”
Outside the door, Dolores walked to Andrew. She was prepared as Matthew had told her that Andrew’s eyes were injured in his mission. He couldn’t see anything for the time being. Now, she saw her son in person, but he couldn’t see her. Dolores felt quite upset.
“Andrew, since your childhood, you always worried me,” she whispered.
#####Chapter 1034 Country Girl
Although Dolores was blaming him, she didn’t mean to blame him for real.
She felt so sorry for him.
“I’m back safe and sound, Mom.” Andrew could tell Dolores’s position upon her voice. He reached out to hug her and comfort her. Dolores reached out first. Andrew patted her on her back. “I won’t worry you anymore in the future.”
In the past, Dolores always held him. Now they were hugging each other. Dolores was held in his arms. Andrew was pretty tall and strong. It seemed as if he was holding a petite girl in his arms.
“Have you been to the hospital yet? When will your eyes recover?” Dolores cared about this matter.
“I’m taking the medicine now. My eyes will recover soon. Don’t worry.” Andrew’s tone was quite happy and relaxing. His attitude told her that he was pretty well. “I want to see Grandma.”
“Okay.” Dolores took his arm.
"Come over, Andrew." Jessica wave at him. Dolores led Andrew to her.
“Hi, Grandma,” Andrew whispered, “I’m sorry for your loss.”
Jessica pulled his hand. “I heard you are blind. I can donate my cornea to you.”
All people at the scene fell into silence.
They couldn’t help feel soreness in their noses.
Even Andrew was a strong man, his eyes reddened. If love was rare in this world, the family affectionate was more precious. It was selfish, sacrificing, beautiful, and touching.
“I’ll recover soon, Grandma. I don’t need the cornea.” Andrew sat next to her and put his arm on her shoulder. “When I was young, you held me and brought me up. This time, let me accompany you more. OK?”
Jessie said, “OK.”
In the past, Kevin was with her. Now he had passed away, Andrew believed that she must be quite lonely.
“Hi, Aunt Chloe,” Bonnie saw Chloe come in and greeted her.
Chloe answered and talked to Jessica for a short while.
Joshua approached Dolores and whispered in her ear, "Aunt Chloe and Uncle Noah fought, Mom."
Dolores turned to look at him.
Joshua nodded. “When they landed, she was still angry with Uncle Noah.”
Dolores patted him, glaring at him, hinting that he should stop gossiping about the elders.
“I’ve got married and I have a job. I’m also an adult,” Joshua retorted.
“Oh, stop it!” Dolores couldn’t do anything with him.
Andrew’s expression slightly changed. No one would notice it without a closer look. Only Bonnie had seen it -- as soon as Chloe came in, Andrew's expression changed.
Chloe called Dolores out of the lounge, saying that she wanted to talk to Dolores.
Dolores ask her children to accompany Jessica here so that Jessica wouldn't feel lonely.
Chloe and Dolores went to a quiet corner. Chloe still felt aggrieved as she believed that what she had done was for Andrew’s good. Noah didn’t understand her and even argued with her. She felt that her self-esteem had been hurt in front of Andrew.
Right then, she was still angry with Noah.
“Dolores,” Chloe said, “Has Noah told you everything on the phone?”
“What?” Dolores was confused.
“When they found Andrew, a girl has saved him.”
Dolores didn’t understand, because no one had told her about it. Noah directly called Matthew earlier.
Matthew only told her that Andrew was injured in his mission. Dolores noticed that Chloe mentioned that Andrew was found and saved.
“Tell me more details,” said Dolores.
"Andrew encountered the danger during his mission. He was missing for almost a whole month. A girl who knows Chinese traditional medicine has saved him and come back with him. In my house, I found that girl had an evil intention to Andrew, so I sent her away. For this matter, Noah is angry with me."
Dolores listened to her but her expression didn’t change.
It turned out Andrew was missing for a whole month.
If he hadn’t been saved, he might not be able to come back.
Dolores’s body shook a bit. She grabbed the handrail next to her to keep her balance.
"Dolores, do you think I've done something wrong? Andrew can't see anything now. How could he like a girl whose face he hasn't seen at all? That girl is quite good-looking, but obviously, she has played some dirty tricks. I heard she's an orphan. She's a country girl. How could this girl deserve Andrew?"
Dolores was shocked by the news, but she had a clear mind. "She has saved Andrew, so she's our benefactor. As other matters, Andrew isn't a child any longer. He has his own judgment."
“Then you mean I’ve made a mistake, don’t you?” Chloe looked annoyed.
Dolores said, “That’s not what I mean. No matter what, you shouldn’t have sent her away. We must thank her.”
“I tried to give her some money but she refused. She’s young but quite stubborn. She lacks education so she’s so rude.” Chloe didn’t realize how wrong she was so far.
Dolores didn’t have time to deal with this matter now. She decided to wait until the funeral was over and Andrew’s eyes recovered.
“Noah and you are not kids any longer. You are elders now. Why do you still fight? Do you want the children to mock you?” Dolores said in a deep tone. “You should be reconciled.”
After that, she went back to the lounge.
Chloe was left alone and standing there motionlessly.
She had thought that Dolores would take her side. However, she didn’t expect that Dolores was angry with her.
She had done it for Andrew’s good. She couldn’t understand that no one appreciated her.
After Dolores entered the room, Bonnie pulled her to a corner and told her what she had found. “Mom, just now, when Aunt Chloe came in, I saw Andrew look quite annoyed. What did Aunt Chloe say to you? Is it anything to do with Andrew?”
#####Chapter 1035 Quite Familiar
Upon hearing Bonnie’s words, Dolores looked over at Andrew, only to find that he looked quite normal now. He was chatting with Jessica.
“Did Andrew have any conflicts with Aunt Chloe?” Bonnie believed that there must be some reason.
Dolores didn’t hide anything from her, telling her what had happened.
“How could Aunt Chloe have done that?” Bonnie also didn’t think Chloe had done something right.
They were in a modern era. How could she look upon the family background so much?
Even a civilian has married the royal princess of England. Bonnie wondered why Chloe looked at the family backgrounds so much.
Dolores patted her. “Just pretend as if nothing happened. Or Andrew would feel quite uneasy.”
Bonnie nodded sensibly. “I know.”
In the evening, Dolores made the herb soup for Andrew. She felt quite uncertain. It wasn’t because she didn’t believe in Evelyn, but Andrew’s eyes were injured. She wondered if the Chinese medicine would cure him.
She gave the bowl of herb soup to Andrew. “Let’s have a checkup in the hospital after the funeral.”
Andrew knew what she was worried about. He said, “My eyes were not injured. They were poisoned. The western medicine wouldn’t cure them.”
Dolores was so panicked. “Poisoned?”
“No worries, Mom. I’ll be fine.” Andrew was afraid to scare her, but it seemed she was still frightened. “How could I be so careless about my own eyes? Don’t worry, Mom.”
Dolores heaved a sigh. "Can you have a longer vacation now?"
Andrew nodded. "Of course. I haven't taken any break in the past several years. Now I have three months' vacation."
Dolores touched the bowl and ensured the temperature was low. She passed it to him. “Drink the soup.”
Andrew smiled and wanted to relax her. “Mom, please feed me,” he said.
Dolores burst into laughter. “How old are you now?”
“No matter how old I am, I’m still your son.” After Andrew grew up, it was quite rare for him to play at being cute to her. Dolores got a spoon and took the bowl from his hands. Then she started feeding him. “Is it bitter?”
Andrew nodded. “This herb soup is extremely bitter.”
He was telling the truth. It was bitterer than normal herb soup. That was why Evelyn would always give him candy after he took the soup.
“As long as it could cure your eyes, no matter how bitter it is, you should bear it.”
Andrew couldn’t see but he knew that Dolores was concerned about him although her tone was strict.
After finishing the soup, Dolores poured a glass of water for him and peeled an orange for him. “Have some orange to cover the bitterness.”
Andrew took one petal over and put it into his mouth. With a smile, he said, “So sweet.”
Dolores stood in front of him. She wanted to ask him about Evelyn but finally, she gave up. She got him some hot water to soak his feet.
“Mom, you can ask Joshua to help me.” Andrew couldn’t get used to it as he was grown up but his mother was helping him.
“When you a little, I bathed you. Why are you so shy now? Why don’t you find a girlfriend? Joshua has married. You are his older brother. You should be his role model in everything.”
Andrew was silent.
He decided to keep silent.
Otherwise, he was afraid that his mother would nag about his girlfriend.
Seeing that her son kept silent, Dolores heaved a sigh inwardly.
She realized that Andrew was too good at hiding secrets.
She didn’t expose him.
The next day. Funeral.
It was solemn and respectful.
All men who attended it were wearing black suits and women were wearing black dresses.
Guests gradually came here for grieving Kevin's death at noon. The funeral wreaths covered the whole road.
Matthew and Dolores were the closest family members to Kevin. They were standing on the right side of the mourning hall, receiving all the guests.
At the door, a man sitting in the wheelchair was pushed in slowly.
From afar, Dolores recognized him. Although they hadn’t seen each other for several years, she was still quite familiar with him.
#####Chapter 1036 Not an Outsider for Me
As time passed, Charles also had wrinkles on his face and grey hair appeared on his temples. He still looked quite spirited. Sitting in the wheelchair, he didn't get fat. He looked thinner than before. He was in a black suit. Tiana was wearing a black lance dress without any decoration, quite neat.
Pushing Charles over, she said, “Dolores, sorry for your loss.”
Dolores nodded at her.
“I’m sorry for your loss. Please take care of yourself,” Charles looked at Dolores and said.
Dolores and Matthew bowed at them in unison.
“Thank you so much for coming over,” Dolores whispered. Her voice was a bit hoarse because of crying.
“I must come here. He’s not an outsider to me.” Charles always remembered that Kevin was Victoria’s older brother, and Victoria was his foster father’s most beloved woman.
His foster father didn’t get married because of her.
However, Charles didn’t think he could compare to his foster father. He was in love with one woman but married another woman.
There were other guests behind them. Charles and Tiana went to worship Kevin with incense.
Almost all the family and relatives had arrived today. However, it was a funeral, so they seldom talked. They all felt quite sad.
When Charles saw Andrew and Amanda, his eyes were darkened. He used to envy Matthew a lot, and so was he now.
Matthew had sons and a daughter. In the future, he would have grandchildren and enjoy the big family. However, Charles had only Tiana only.
“Are you thirsty?” Tiana asked.
They got the news quite late, so they rushed to the funeral without preparing ahead.
Charles shook his head. “Tiana, if you are thirsty, you can get some water. I can stay here alone.”
“Okay. I’ll come back to you later.” Tiana released the wheelchair.
Charles found a quiet corner, looking at the mourning hall. Kevin’s photo was in the middle, surrounded by white chrysanthemums. There was only black and white in the hall, making people feel quite upset.
He wondered if all the people who had passed away reunited in Heaven.
Suddenly, he became a bit sad. He hadn't known who his biological parents were. He wondered whom he would go to meet after he died.
“Andrew, Charles White is here.” All the juniors were kneeling in front of the mourning hall. Amanda was next to Andrew. She knew Andrew was blind for the time being, so she kept telling Andrew about the guests.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t know anything.
Andrew was taken aback for a moment. “Charles White?”
He admired Charles inwardly.
Sometimes, he pitied Charles, as Charles couldn’t win the heart of the woman he loved all his life.
“He doesn’t have children, does he?” Bonnie approached them and asked.
Amanda said, “No, he doesn’t.”
Andrew and she knew that probably Charles had never touched Tiana.
“He’s actually a good man,” said Amanda.
Andrew grabbed her hand. He didn’t know what had happened to Amanda until he came back this time. He had been busy with his work and seldom have time to be with his parents. Such a big matter had happened to Amanda, but he didn’t know about it. He felt quite guilty.
Amanda shed tears because she thought about her past.
They didn’t speak anything but understood each other very well. It was said that the twins had tacit understandings, which might not be absolutely true.
However, they grew up together and knew each other very well.
"Did he used to have a crush on Mom?" Joshua was much younger than Andrew and Amanda, so he didn't know as many things as they did.
“Who told you so?” asked Amanda.
Joshua thought for a moment and told them it was Theresa. When Theresa was talking about it with Armand, he overheard them.
“I also heard my parents talking about it before,” said Bonnie.
#####Chapter 1037 Marry and Settle Down
“So is it true?” Joshua was seldom so nosy. Looking at his brother and sister, he wanted to know if the rumour was true.
Amanda satisfied him. “Yes. He had a crush on Mom before.”
“He should be quite obsessed in love. My parents said he has no children. When he married his current wife, it wasn’t because he loved her.” After finishing her words, Bonnie cast Charles a glance in secret. Although time had changed his handsome face in his youth, she still could tell that he must be quite good-looking before.
He also emanated a pleasant aura.
“Is he always sitting on the wheelchair?” Joshua knew the least about Charles among them, so he always asked the shallowest questions.
“Yeah,” Bonnie answered him.
Joshua looked at her. “Why do you know everything?”
“I heard it from my parents,” Bonnie answered.
“What else have your parents told you? Tell me all about it,” Joshua said.
Bonnie shook her head and said, “Nothing else.” Then she added, “He’s not a bad man.”
“Oops, how did you?” Joshua would pinch her cheek if they were not in the mourning hall. How could she not tell him anything about it?
“Did your parents say that as well?” he cast her a glance.
“Nah. I just feel so.”
Bonnie said, “A man could love a woman for several decades. How bad could this kind of man be?”
Joshua found that he couldn’t retort to her.
After a long while, he uttered, “Obsessing in love doesn’t mean he has good character.”
“Why? Do you dislike him?” Bonnie raised her eyebrows.
Joshua was different from Andrew and Amanda. He didn’t know Charles at all. After he got to know that Charles had a crush on his mother when they were young and he still loved her in the past decades, Joshua believed that Charles must be the rival in love for Matthew.
If his mother had chosen Charles back then, Joshua wondered if he could still be born in this world.
Standing in his father’s shoes, he couldn’t like Charles.
Standing in his own shoes, he couldn’t like Charles either.
However, he admired Charles.
Joshua had to admit that he couldn’t be obsessed with a woman for several decades.
He admired Charles for his persistence. After all, not many men could do it.
Charles was so obsessed, so Joshua wondered if his mother knew about it. After all, Charles loved her since he was young. After Dolores knew that he had spent almost all his life in love with her secretly, Joshua wondered if she would also have a different feeling for Charles.
As he thought of it, he looked over at Dolores at the door. She was standing next to Matthew, looking calm and elegant. Joshua knew how much his parents love each other in the past years.
He believed even if his mother had a special feeling for Charles, it would only occupy a small part of her heart.
Joshua was quite selfish. He wished that his mother’s heart was fully occupied by his father.
“What are you thinking about?” Bonnie could tell that he looked a bit weird.
Joshua said, “Nothing.”
However, inwardly, he wanted to do something to this cripple.
“Behave yourself.” Amanda found his intention.
“What have I done?”
Joshua pretended to be innocent.
“I know what’s in your mind. It’s the matter among the elders. You don’t have the right to meddle in. Do you not believe your father or your mother?” Amanda asked him sharply, rendering him speechless.
Joshua knew he should believe his father.
Charles was so obsessed with his mother, but still, his father had won his mother’s heart. They should truly love each other.
Joshua heaved a sigh inwardly.
He looked up at Kevin’s portrait. He recalled that his grandmother passed away because of saving his mother and him.
He wanted Kevin to pass his message to Victoria after he went to heaven. “Grandma, I was born smoothly. Now I’ve got married and settled down.”
#####Chapter 1038 Hidden Anything from Me
Joshua was lost in thought.
Amanda was greeting the relatives and friends who came to grieve over. Since there were too many guests, the parking lot didn't have enough space. She had to find other parking places for them.
After the memorial ceremony, Kevin’s coffin would be sent to the cemetery
Before that, the family and relatives would bid him the last farewell. Since they would part forever, the atmosphere was full of sorrow.
The host who presided over the funeral expressed his sorrow for the dead. He said, “Mr. Kevin Forbis is going to Heaven today. Men have joys and sorrows. The moon could be full and crescent. There are inevitably life, death, separation, and reunion in the world. Although he is far away from us, his voice and smile remain in our hearts forever.
“Here, I hope his family and relatives could restrain their grief and accord with inevitable changes.”
Funeral music was played.
All people at the scene stood up and bowed at the dead three times.
In the sobs, Kevin’s coffin was lifted and sent to the cemetery.
The cemetery was located in the east suburbia in City C with the best location. It wouldn't be sent to White City because they had all settled down in City C. Later after Jessica passed away, she would also be buried next to Kevin.
After the procedure was done, it was already in the evening.
All of them were gathered in the villa.
Theresa made some tea. Since none of them had meals today, she called a restaurant and ordered a few takeouts.
After all, the dead had passed away, and the living ones should live well.
“The funeral is over. Shall we take Andrew to for a checkup?”
Jasmine came here alone for Kevin’s funeral. Boyce had a meeting with the top. Besides, because he had applied for early retirement, he was quite busy. Hence, he couldn’t make it.
Jasmine had to come here alone.
After the funeral was over, finally they had time to talk with each other. Now, Andrew’s eyes worried them the most. After all, it was a big thing.
“Not necessary...”
“You always refused, but we’re worried about you.” Theresa also thought that he needed a checkup in the hospital.
Andrew could see blurred things now. Earlier, he could only see black.
For easing his elders, he agreed, “Okay. I’ll go to the hospital for a checkup tomorrow.”
“That’s right. You can’t always make us worried.” Theresa poured him a glass of water. “You haven’t eaten for a whole day. Have some water.”
Right then, the doorbell rang.
Theresa went to answer the door. It was a delivery man. She asked others to help her carry the takeouts into the house, putting them on the dining table.
After paying for the check, the delivery man left. Theresa put the lunchboxes out one after another. “Go wash your hands. Let’s eat.”
Jasmine came over to help her. She filled a bowl with some soup and sent it into the bedroom. Jessica was quite upset, so she was lying on the bed. Dolores and Amanda had been with her all the time.
Jasmine also brought her some light dishes.
“I’ll accompany her. Why don’t you go out and eat something?” Jasmine took the tray with dishes to Jessica and said.
Amanda stood up to take over the food from Jasmine. “Let me stay here with Grandma. You should go to eat.” She lowered her head and said to Dolores, “Mom, you too. Have some food.”
Dolores still had something to tell Matthew. She patted Amanda and said, "I'll be back later."
“No worries, Mom. I’ll sleep with Grandma tonight. You can go back to your rooms. Please rest assured.” Amanda wanted to ease their burden.
Actually, she was also quite closed to Jessica, who had brought her up.
“Are you afraid I can take care of Grandma?” Amanda asked.
“All right. I’ll leave her to you.” Dolores stood up.
They all sat at the dining table, having some food.
Joshua was responsible for taking care of Andrew. He fed Andrew with food.
“When I was little, have you fed me before?” Joshua asked.
“When you were only two months, he pressed such a huge candy into your mouth. You almost choked to death.” As Jasmine answered, she gestured the size of the candy.
She remembered that she was holding Joshua that day. When she didn’t pay attention, Andrew pressed a huge hard candy into Joshua’s mouth. She was almost scared to death.
Joshua was so speechless.
“It seems I was so lucky so you didn’t torture me to death,” he said.
“I was showing my love to you,” said Andrew.
“Please save it. I can’t enjoy your love.”
Dolores drank a bowl of soup. She didn’t have any appetite to eat other food. It had been a long day, so everyone was quite exhausted. After dinner, the women chatted in the living room for a while and cleaned up the dining table. Since they didn’t cook, it didn’t take them much effort.
When it was about nine o’clock, all went back to their bedrooms. Dolores went to check on Andrew. Joshua sent her to sleep. He would take Andrew himself.
They were quite close, so Dolores left Andrew to Joshua. After all, they hadn’t talked for a long time. Patting on Joshua’s shoulder, she reminded him, “Don’t bully Andrew.”
"Gee, don't worry, Mom. I won't press a hard candy into his mouth." Joshua waved his hand. "Good night."
“Okay. Good night.”
Back to her room, when opening the door, Dolores heard the message tone on her phone. She received a message from Charles. “Let’s have lunch tomorrow. I’ll leave in the evening. You were too busy today. I even didn’t have time to talk to you.”
"Okay," Dolores replied to him.
“Eleven o’clock, in Riverside Restaurant.” Charles sent her the time and address.
“Ehn.” She replied simply.
She put away the phone and pushed the door open and entered. Matthew had finished showering. He was wearing blue long-sleeved pyjamas made of silk. He lifted the quilt, sat on the edge, and was about to lie down.
Dolores closed the door and walked to him. Standing in front of him, she asked, “Have you hidden anything from me?”
#####Chapter 1039 Deliberately Hiding Something from Us
Matthew paused his movement, looked up, and raised his eyebrows slightly. “Pardon me?”
“You know what I’m asking.”
“No, I don’t.” He lifted his legs and sat on the bed. Dolores grabbed his arm. “Matthew Nelson, I’ve found the older you are, the more shameless you’ve become.”
Seeing that, he guessed that probably she had known what happened to Andrew. He heaved a sigh and said, “Isn’t Andrew safe and sound now? Can you just forget about it?”
"You told me you were going to the company earlier. You went to find her, didn't you? When did you learn to lie to me?" Dolores was quite angry indeed. Her son had encountered danger and couldn't nearly come back, but she knew nothing about it.
“I’m his birth mother. Why don’t I have the right to know about it?”
“I was afraid you would be worried.” Matthew pulled her hand. “It won’t happen again. It’s been a long day for you today. Let me massage your shoulders.”
As he spoke, he pressed Dolores to sit down on the bed.
Dolores tilted to dodge him. “Stop it!”
"What do you want me to do then? It has already passed. Even if I was wrong, you can't always be angry without forgiving me, can you?"
His words made Dolores angrier as he sounded like he had known that she wouldn’t be able to do anything even after she got to know it.
“I’m not gonna forgive you.” Dolores stood up abruptly. Matthew was off-guard. Her head bumped into his nose. He frowned in pain. Then he felt warm liquid dropped. Reaching out, he touched his nose, only to find that his nose was bleeding.
Dolores covered her forehead as she also felt pain.
“You...”
She still wanted to blow up. Seeing the blood above his mouth, she was startled. "What happened?"
Matthew raised his head. “My nose is bleeding.”
Dolores immediately pulled tissues for him. “Go wash your face in the bathroom.”
Matthew covered his nose with the tissue, looking at Dolores. “Did you purposely do it?”
“Ehn,” Dolores admitted it recklessly in anger and grievance.
“Have you vented your anger yet?”
“Not really.”
“Hence, what else do you want to do to avenge?”
“All right. Go to wash your face.” Dolores pulled him.
He washed his face for a long time before getting rid of the bloodstains.
“Change your pyjamas.” Dolores found him another set, as the former ones were stained by blood.
Matthew changed his pyjamas after he stopped bleeding. “The bedsheet was stained, too”
“We must change it.” Dolores reached out to take it off. “If the kids have seen it, it’s so embarrassing.”
Matthew stood aside and nodded seriously. "Your youngest son has just got married. You must be a role model to show your daughter-in-law how to be a wife. If she knew you've hit your husband, she would learn from you and bully your son."
Upon hearing it, Dolores almost tossed the bedsheet from the bed. It was because he had lied to her, but now he sounded that it was all her fault.
She calmed herself down and adjusted her breath. She said in a steady tone flatly, “Charles invited me for lunch tomorrow.”
Matthew, who was standing and watching her aside, immediately rushed over to help her. “Have you said yes?”
Dolores looked up at him. “Why not?” she asked.
Matthew was speechless.
“All of us are old now. Why do you want to meet him?” Matthew was quite unhappy. His face darkened.
“He invited me, and I couldn’t turn him down.”
“Do you want to piss me by doing so?” He raised eyebrows.
"I'm not that idle." Dolores took off the bedsheet and held it to the laundry room. She put it into a basin, aiming to rub away the bloodstains before putting it into the washing machine. Otherwise, it might not be cleaned.
Matthew followed her. “Have you truly agreed?”
Dolores squatted down and hummed indifferently.
Matthew also squatted down and helped her rub. “Can you not go?”
Dolores was silent.
“Honey, our children are all grown up. Why do you want to meet...”
“What are you guys doing here? Dad? Mom?” Joshua helped Andrew have the herb soup, bathe, and lie down on the bed. Then he was about to go upstairs, he found the door of the laundry room was opened and the light was also on. He came over to take a look.
Then he saw his parents washing a bedsheet.
“It’s too late now. Why didn’t you go to bed? Why are you washing a bedsheet now?”
“Your father can’t sleep. I find him something to do,” answered Dolores.
“I haven’t seen your mother wash bedsheet before. She insisted on showing me,” answered Matthew meanwhile.
Joshua was confused.
He wondered what was going on.
“You...”
“Go to bed. Good night.” Matthew closed the door of the laundry room.
Joshua frowned and went upstairs.
Pushing the door open and entering, he found that Bonnie was still awake. She had just left Jasmine’s room.
She opened the closet and found him the pyjamas. "Joshua, take a shower. Then let's go to bed."
Joshua sat on the bed. “Come here, Bonnie.”
“Ehn?”
She held the pyjamas and walked to him, looking at him. “What’s wrong with you?”
“I saw Dad and Mom washing a bedsheet just now when I came upstairs.”
“Right now? The two of them?” Bonnie asked in surprise.
Even if the bedsheet was dirty, they could leave it to tomorrow. Kevin’s funeral had just finished. All of them were supposed to be exhausted. She wondered why the two elders were washing the bedsheet.
Joshua was also confused. “What happened to them? They also spoke contradictory words. Mom said Dad couldn’t sleep so she found him something to do deliberately. However, Dad said he had never seen Mom wash a bedsheet again and she insisted on showing him.”
“Are they hiding something deliberately from us?” asked Bonnie.
#####Chapter 1040 I’ll Take You There
“What are they trying to hiding?” Joshua didn’t understand.
Bonnie still sensed something wrong. “They are aged now. Do you think it’s because they are sick?”
She didn’t have an ill wish. It was just destiny for a person to experience life, old age, sickness, and death.
They couldn’t avoid thinking about it.
After all, what was happening was quite abnormal.
“Well...”
Upon hearing Bonnie’s words, Joshua was also uneasy. That was how a human was -- once he or she was bothered by something, the person would not give up until finding the answer.
So was Joshua. He said, “Is it truly the same as your guess? They got sick...”
“Would it be...” Bonnie covered her mouth in shock.
“What?” He looked up at her.
“They washed the bedsheet at night because the bedsheet was stained by something that they’re unwilling to show us?”
“What do you mean?” Joshua soon understood what she meant. “You meant...”
Bonnie nodded hard. “I heard that diabetes and Alzheimer's disease will cause urinary incontinence.”
Joshua stood up and wanted to go downstairs.
Bonnie stopped him. “It’s too late now. Tomorrow you can ask Dad out and talk with him. Let’s see who is sick.”
Joshua nodded. “Okay.”
They were quite worried.
They even didn’t have a good sleep.
In the morning, Joshua woke up with dark circles under his eyes. They were quite serious because he hadn’t slept well for Kevin’s matter in the past few days.
When he went downstairs, he saw Amanda packing.
“Morning, Amanda. Why are you packing? Are you leaving?”
“I’ll tell you when having breakfast.” Amanda helped Jessica come out.
Joshua didn’t ask again.
While having breakfast, Jessica said, “I want to go out for a trip. Amanda will go with me.”
“Grandma, where are you going? Please wait for me. I’ll go with you.” Andrew was worried about Jessica. “I have a long vacation this time...”
Jessica waved her hand to refuse. “No, thank you. I don’t want anyone except Amanda.”
“But...” Dolores was about to speak.
However, she was interrupted by Amanda. “Mom, I can take good care of Grandma. Please don’t worry. Actually, Grandma should go out for a trip than staying at home, isn’t it?”
It seemed that Jessica and Amanda had made up their minds, so Dolores couldn’t turn them down.
Amanda looked over at Matthew. After thinking a moment, she said, “Dad, for the job that you mentioned to me earlier, may I start a bit late? If not, please help me reject it. I want to accompany Grandma for a while.”
“You can go there when you have time,” said Matthew.
He inwardly supported Amanda and Jessica to have a trip.
Then Amanda could adjust herself by taking this chance.
“I’m still a bit worried about Andrew.” Amanda looked over at Andrew, worried about his eyes.
Now, Andrew’s sight had gradually recovered. He could see things now but not quite clear, just like a high-myopia person.
However, he could see much clearer than yesterday.
Andrew picked up his bowl and chopsticks. “My sight is gradually recovering. No worries, Amanda.”
“Can you see now, Andrew?”
People at the table were all shocked by his movement. They surrounded him.
“Can you see things now?”
“Can you see my hand?” Joshua waved his hand in front of him. Andrew pushed it off. “Stop waving in front of me.”
“Andrew, can you really see things?” Dolores asked, suppressing the happiness in her heart.
Andrew said, “Yes, I can, but not quite clear. I’ll be recovered completely in two days.”
“Good if you’ll be recovered soon.”
Jessica also felt quite delighted for him.
Since Andrew’s eyes were getting better, the sadness about Kevin’s death faded away in the house.
After breakfast, Amanda was about to leave. She asked, “Joshua, could you see us off later?”
“Are you leaving today?” asked Joshua.
“Yeah. I booked the flight ticket last night.” Amanda pointed at her suitcase. “I’ve finished packing. Please put it in your trunk.”
Joshua obediently took her suitcase to the trunk. Amanda said to her family members, “You don’t need to see us off. Joshua will do. Our flight is at nine o’clock. We should leave now. If you come to see us off, you’ll only see us boarding the flight. Joshua could help us.”
“Take good care of your grandmother.” Dolores was still uneasy.
“Don’t worry, Mom.”
“No worries, guys. After Amanda and I finish our trip, I’ll be fine,” said Jessica. She looked a bit spiritless.
Amanda helped her go out. Dolores walked them to the car.
When arriving at the airport, Joshua helped them check in the luggage. Amanda and Jessica waited a bit for boarding.
Joshua didn’t leave until he saw them board the plane.
“After coming back from White City, let’s go to City B,” said Jessica.
Jessica wanted to visit Kevin’s hometown. She hadn’t been back to City B for a long time. She wondered how long she could live on. Hence, she wanted to visit all the places that she used to live in the past before she died.
Talking about City B, Amanda subconsciously thought about that man. Her heart slightly fluctuated. Grabbing Jessica’s hand, she said, “Okay, Grandma. I’ll take you to City B.”
#####Chapter 1041 Tell Her You’re Pregnant
“Amanda, when will you have a baby? You’ve got married for several years, haven’t you?” suddenly Jessica asked, “I’ve only seen you this time. Where is Stanford?”
Everyone except Jessica knew what had happened to Amanda.
It was because both Kevin and she were quite old, others in the family were worried that they might not be able to stand the blow, so they had hidden the news from them.
That was why Jessica didn’t know what Amanda had experienced. She still thought Amanda and Stanford were married.
She thought that they had been married for several years. They should have children now.
Amanda creased her eyebrows awkwardly. For a moment, she didn’t know how to answer Jessica.
“Why are you silent? Have you fought?” Jessica widened her cloudy eyes to look at her.
“No, we haven’t. He’s pretty busy. Grandma, have a nap. It’ll take us a few hours before reaching the destination.” Amanda covered her with a blanket and let Jessica lean against her shoulder. Patting her on the shoulder, Amanda said, “You sent us to sleep in this way when we were little.”
Jessica squinted, feeling a bit tired. “Yeah. With a blink, you all are grown up...”
As they chatted, Jessica became sleepy, gradually falling asleep while leaning against Amanda.
On the other side, when Joshua came back after seeing Amanda and Jessica off, he didn’t go back to his company. Instead, he asked Matthew out.
“Dad, I want to ask you something about my company business.” Joshua looked solemn. “Can we have a private talk, please?”
Since his son wanted to talk business with him, Matthew couldn’t reject him, so he walked to the study with Joshua.
“What do you want to know?” he asked while sitting on the chair.
Joshua pulled his chair in front of him. After thinking for a moment, he asked, “Dad, are you, or is my mother sick?”
Matthew was confused.
He wondered why suddenly Joshua asked him such a question.
“Last night, I saw you guys washing the bedsheet. Was it stained with something that embarrassed you and can’t be told to us? So you wanted to wash it so late at night.”
Matthew frowned and asked, “What embarrassing things?”
“Well... It might be because of some diseases for the old... Then it could...”
Joshua didn’t make it straightforward, but Matthew understood what he was saying. Then, he answered, “Ehn...”
“So, was it you or my mother?” asked Joshua nervously.
He felt upset no matter who it was.
“It was your mother.” Matthew slightly looked away to dodge his son’s gaze.
Joshua was worried. “Has she checked up in the hospital?”
“Not yet. Why don’t you take her to the hospital today?” Matthew suggested.
Dolores was still angry with him. Last night, she refused to talk to him. Today, she would have lunch with Charles. Thinking of that, Matthew was quite angry.
Hence, he wanted to stop her by using Joshua.
In that case, she wouldn’t be able to have lunch with Charles.
Matthew knew that he shouldn’t be jealous at his age, but he felt quite unhappy as soon as thinking about Charles. Charles had married already, but he still thought about the woman he loved.
That truly disgusted Matthew.
“Don’t tell her so directly. Or she wouldn’t be willing to go with you. You should make an excuse first and take her there. Then let her have an overall checkup by the way.” Matthew had already thought about the method for Joshua.
Joshua was enlightened. “I see. I’ll take her to the hospital now.”
He wanted her mother to get treatment as soon as possible since she was sick.
He called Bonnie to the bedroom. “Dad said it was Mom who is sick. We must make an excuse and take her to the hospital.”
“What excuse shall we use?” Bonnie’s heart skipped a beat when hearing the news.
Joshua looked at his wife, reaching out to pat her on her shoulder. “This glorious task would be on your shoulder, honey.”
“Me?” Bonnie was taken aback, wondering what she could do.
“Yeah. You!” Joshua was quite certain. “You can tell Mom you don’t feel well, or you’re pregnant, so you want her to go to the hospital for a checkup. I don’t think she would refuse.”
#####Chapter 1042 Will It Work?
Bonnie pursed her lips tightly, slightly embarrassed as she asked, “Will it… work?”
“Why not? She’ll be excited to accompany you to the hospital once she knows you’re pregnant,” Joshua said, thinking it was a brilliant idea.
Bonnie felt that this could consider as a white lie that must be made for Dolores’ health and agreed to it, “I’ll talk to her right now.”
Just as she was about to go downstairs, Joshua called her out, “I’ll go and tell her. You can go back and wait in the room first.”
Joshua gave it some thought and felt that Bonnie wasn’t in a great place to speak about that. He would be the best person to deliver the message instead.
Bonnie listened to him and went back to their room, waiting for Joshua to return.
On the other hand, Dolores was downstairs, preparing to leave the house. Joshua came over and held her hand, “Mom.”
“Yeah?” She turned back to look at her son, “You have something to tell me?”
Joshua nodded his head vigorously, then leaned into her ear and whispered, “Bonnie said that she was sick and would feel like vomiting from time to time. I wanted to bring her to her hospital for a check-up, but she was unwilling to listen to me. Could you try to persuade her and accompany her to the hospital?”
Dolores understood the situation almost instantly and thought to herself that Bonnie might be pregnant. She said to Joshua, “I’ll go and take a look at her.“
She ascended upstairs with Joshua following behind her.
Matthew, who was reading a financial magazine in the living room, glanced up. There was a hint of unknown shine in his eyes, which turned into returned to its usual calmness as he continued to read.
Upstairs, Dolores pushed the door open and walked towards Bonnie, “Bonnie, are you not feeling well anywhere?”
“I…” It was Bonnie’s first time lying to her elders. She was uncomfortable about it, slightly nervous as she stuttered, “I… I…”
“I heard from Joshua that you’re feeling nauseous. When did it start?” Dolores asked.
Bonnie glanced at Joshua, “It… It has been a few days.”
“Then we should get you checked-up at the hospital,” Dolores said, then turned to her son, “Accompany Bonnie to the hospital.”
“I told her that, but she doesn’t want to go. Why don’t you accompany her instead?” Joshua looked distressed, “Mom, I’m a man. It’s weird for me to accompany her to the gynecologist.”
Dolores didn’t hesitate and said, “Sure, I’ll accompany her.”
Joshua picked up his car keys, “I’ll drive the both of you there.”
“Bonnie, let’s go.”
Bonnie followed Dolores downstairs.
Joshua, with keys dangling in his hand, looked towards the living room, “Dad, we’re going out for a while.”
Matthew pretended to know nothing and asked, “Where to?”
“Bonnie’s not feeling well. We’re going to the doctors,” Joshua answered.
The father-son duo met gazes, and as if planned, both did not continue the conversation.
“We’re leaving now.” Joshua opened the door.
He only got a wave from Matthew before he continued to read his magazine.
Dolores did not look towards Matthew and left right away.
Half an hour later, they arrived at the hospital.
After they registered, they waited for a moment before entering the doctor’s office. Bonnie was embarrassed to speak. Joshua did all the talking instead, “She feels like puking.”
“You are?” The doctor asked Joshua.
“Her husband,” Joshua replied.
The doctor nodded, then gave Joshua forms for B-ultrasound and some other check-ups. While waiting for Bonnie’s check-ups, Joshua slid into the seat next to Dolores, “Mom, when was the last time you had a full-body check-up? Why don’t you go for one today?”
The purpose of this trip to the hospital today was to have Dolores get a comprehensive check-up.
Dolores frowned, “My check-ups are annual. It’s not time for it yet this year.”
 “We’re here anyway, might as well.” Joshua continued, “Mom, just do it.”
“He’s right, Mom. I’ll be fine here by myself. Both you and Joshua should go for a check-up.” Bonnie tried to help Joshua.
“I’m fine. All my past results for the check-ups showed that I’m healthy.” Dolores was still unwilling to go for a check-up. To her, she was here to accompany her daughter-in-law. Why should she go for a check-up out of the blue?
“Mom…” Joshua tried to persuade Dolores again, “Your eldest son isn’t married yet, so you need to stay healthy and wait for the day he gets married. Although I’m already married to Bonnie, she could be pregnant. You need to be healthy to take care of our child, right?”
#####Chapter 1043 Come With Me
“But I’m fine. There’s no need…”
“Mom, we’re already here. We might as well use our time wisely.” Joshua and Bonnie persisted.
Hence, Dolores was forced into getting a medical check-up.
The result that came out after showed that she was healthy. Joshua thought that the doctors might’ve made a mistake, and the results were wrong.
He quickly explained the situation to the doctor-in-charge.
Dolores couldn’t sit by idly anymore, “Joshua, what did you say?”
“Uh, you guys were washing the bedsheets that night. Dad said you…”
“You bought that?” Dolores understood it all now, “You said that Bonnie was not feeling well. That was just an excuse to get me here for the check-up, right?”
Joshua admitted, “Yeah, but we did it because we care about your health.”
Buzz. Dolores’ phone, which was in her pocket, rang suddenly. She picked up the phone, and Charles’ voice came through, “You’re not here yet?”
Dolores looked at the time, then only did she remember that Charles had asked her out today, “I don’t think I can make it today.”
She was still in the hospital now. Plus, it was way past the time they agreed to meet.
“Why not?” Charles chuckled, “That jealousy-filled man in your house won’t let you meet me?”
“Nah. Something urgent came up and I can’t leave now.” Dolores knew Matthew’s motives clearly. This was what he wanted.
Why else would he have lied to the kids that she wetted the bed, and made them trick her into coming to the hospital then? He didn’t want her to have time to meet up with Charles.
“Mom, who’s that?” Joshua had a hunch that it was Charles and asked deliberately.
“I need to go. Talk to you next time.” Dolores hung up the phone hurriedly.
“Who’s that?” Joshua asked again.
“Just an old friend.” Dolores pulled him, “Let’s go and look at Bonnie.”
Joshua didn’t give up and asked again, “The Charles guy?”
Dolores looked at him, “Don’t meddle in adults’ matters.”
Only to get a snarl from Joshua, “I’m an adult too.”
“You’ll always be a kid to me.” Dolores was mad, not at Joshua, but Matthew.
‘How could he say that to the kids?’
They found Bonnie, who was done with her check-up. It turned out that she wasn’t pregnant.
Joshua was looking forward to the results, genuinely hoping that Bonnie was pregnant, but she was not.
Dolores could sense her son’s disappointment and comforted him, “You guys are still young and have so much time for kids. Don’t rush it, and most importantly, don’t stress Bonnie out.”
“I know.” Joshua understood it.
“Let’s go home.” Dolores headed out first.
Joshua followed behind. He put his arm around Bonnie, whispering in her ear, “I was hoping you’d be pregnant for real.”
Bonnie pursed her lips, “You want to be a dad this early? We’re still so young.”
“It’s not early at all. I made a deal with my brother. Whoever has a child first doesn’t need to care about the family’s matters. There’s so much stuff to manage. I don’t want any of that.”
“Think about it. How amazing would it be if we could travel the world together, and there’s someone at home working to make money for us?”
Bonnie nodded, “That sounds good.”
“That is why you need to work harder and get pregnant soon. My brother doesn’t even have a girlfriend yet. He’s going to lose so bad.”
“Hey!” Bonnie pinched him, “Watch your words. We’re out in a public place now.”
“No one can hear us.” Joshua, still had his arm circled around Bonnie, said, “Let’s go.”
After catching up with Dolores, Joshua ingratiated himself with her, “Mom, it’s already 1.00 p.m. Let’s have lunch before going home.”
“We’re eating lunch at home.” Dolores was a little harsh. Yes, she was angry, but towards Matthew.
Joshua, upon seeing that his mother was unhappy, listened to her words, “We’re relieved since you’re healthy.”
Dolores did not say anything.
“Mom, are you angry?” Bonnie held her hand.
“I’m not.” Dolores patted her daughter-in-law’s hand in return, “I’m fine. Don’t overthink it.”
Bonnie nodded, “We’ll rest assure when you and dad are healthy.”
A while later, they arrived home.
Everyone got down from the car.
Matthew was the only one at home at this time. The others had gone out.
“I’m going to prepare lunch.” Bonnie pulled Joshua and said, “You’re coming with me.”
Joshua replied, “I need to tell dad about mom’s health. He needs to know that she’s okay.”
“Are you dumb?” Bonnie glared at her husband, “I’m guessing they were washing the bedsheets the other day because of some other reason, and not because Mom isn’t healthy.”
“You mean… Dad is the sick one?” Joshua asked, widening his eyes, “Did he push the blame to Mom because he was embarrassed about it? And Mom got mad because of that?”
It was apparent that Dolores was angry earlier.
“I don’t know either. You should clarify it later.” Bonnie opened the door to the refrigerator, thinking of the dish she should make for lunch.
Joshua just stood there. He had always been quick to grasp a situation, but he was confused now.
He didn’t know what to do.
On the other hand, Dolores was just sitting at the edge of the bed, staring at Matthew without saying a word.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Matthew poured himself a glass of water leisurely and sat down on the sofa by the window.
“Matthew Nelson, did you have to do that?”
#####Chapter 1044 Only Cared For You
“Why do you still do such childish things at this age? Do you know how old you are now?” Dolores was annoyed, “How could you tell the kids that we were washing the bedsheets last night because I…”
She was too embarrassed to continue her words.
“I didn’t say it. It was his guess.” Matthew took a sip of water, “I was just going along with his words.”
“Really?” Dolores did not trust him.
“You can ask him later.” He put his cup down.
Why would Dolores do that and bring up the topic again? And to ask their son? She’d be nuts to do that.
“You did that because you didn’t want me to meet Charles. Don’t you think you’re childish?”
‘Can this man ever grow up?’ Dolores thought to herself.
Charles was the last person Matthew would ever want to talk about.
After all, Charles was still infatuated with Dolores after so many years. Matthew did not like that one bit.
“He isn’t a good person either.”
Dolores approached Matthew and sat on the sofa by his side, asking, “Why is that?”
Matthew’s voice was low, “First of all, he isn’t single. He’s doing it for his own selfish desires without caring about other people’s feelings. Could he be considered as a good man?”
That made Dolores silent for a moment because she couldn’t retort to what Matthew had said. It was the truth that Charles had betrayed Tiana.
Although Tiana wasn’t brilliant, she was a kind lady. Charles shouldn’t have taken her opportunity of being a mother forever.
If one were to be kind, they could call Charles loyal. If it were on the harsher side, he would be called a jerk.
“You’re still angry?” Matthew leaned over, only to get a glare from Dolores. Then, she asked, “Have you eaten?”
“Yeah.” There was no one at home, so Matthew had gone out for lunch earlier.
“I’m hungry.” Dolores had been busy all morning. It was about time she got hungry. She told Matthew, “Don’t do such childish things anymore next time.”
He responded, “I got it.”
When Dolores entered the kitchen, Bonnie was about done with lunch, “I cooked noodles.”
Joshua stood at the side, “Mom, did you fought with Dad?”
“I hope the noodles can make you shut up later.” Dolores did not take a look at her son at all. She was helping Bonnie to cook lunch.
Joshua was persistent. He wanted to find out if his parents had a fight because of Charles.
“Mom…”
“Can you stop…” Dolores looked back, and before she could finish her sentence, she saw Andrew, who was at the kitchen door.
She thought Joshua had called her earlier, so she was a little harsh with her tone. Now that she saw that it was her eldest son, she had a change of expression. Even her voice became softer, “Are your eyes better now?”
Andrew nodded, “It’s almost completely healed. You were angry earlier?”
“She’s mad at me.” Joshua interrupted, “Andrew, did you see that? Mom’s so biased towards you. She cares so much about you, but she would only scold me.”
“You’ve gotten the best benefit already.”
“Mom didn’t even find me a daughter-in-law when I was younger. Look at you. You have had your marriage arranged since you were born. You better be grateful.” 
Joshua chuckled. Indeed, he enjoyed the best benefit already.
While they were eating lunch, Andrew spoke after thinking for a moment, “Mom, I want to go out for a bit.”
“Where to?” Soon, Dolores realized that he might want to look for the girl who saved him, so she did not stop him, “I haven’t thanked her for saving you yet. It’s good for you to look for her.”
“I’ve got plenty of time to rest this time around. After I look for her first, then I’ll spend more time with you.” Andrew had spent too little time at home for the past years.
Joshua had been taking care of everything and everyone at home.
Andrew was grateful for his younger brother.
He was the eldest son of the family, but he did not assume his responsibility as he should.
“Joshua, care to have a drink with me?” Andrew got up to get a bottle of wine.
“Andrew, your eyes have just healed. Can you drink?” Bonnie asked in concern.
Dolores agreed with Bonnie too, “Andrew, it’s better if you don’t drink. Your eyes just recovered after all.”
“It’s been a long time since I had a heart-to-heart talk with Joshua. Since I have the time today, I’d love to have a drink with him. I’m fine, really.” Andrew took the wine glasses, placing one in front of Joshua and the other in front of him. He opened the bottle of wine and poured it into the glasses.
#####Chapter 1045 Could Not Remember Clearly
Joshua knew his intentions and intentionally joked, “How could we just eat noodles with wine? You should make some more dishes to show your hospitality.”
“You should be contented with these noodles.” Andrew topped up his wine glass.
He looked at the wine glass filled to the brim and laughed, “Bro, aren’t you afraid that I’ll get you drunk?”
Dolores and Bonnie left the dining table after they were done.
“Mom, I’ll cook some dishes for them to go with the wine,” Bonnie said.
“Okay.” Dolores placed the dirty dishes in the basin and asked, “How long haven’t they met?” She had not seen Andrew for almost two years.
Bonnie pondered for a while but could not be sure, “It must be when we went to see you. It has been almost two years.”
Dolores sighed within her. She really did not want her son to be doing such a dangerous job and he was always not at home. Then she thought that he had grown up and had his interests and career. She could not restrain him. Even if she continued to worry for him, she had never asked him to come back. She just felt that she had not taken good care of him. He left the home when he was rather young and soon had a career. Now he was also married.
“Bonnie, has Joshua ever said that he was frustrated with work?” Dolores asked as she was washing the dishes.
“No, he’s young and is energetic,” Bonnie said as she cooked some pepper beef cubes.
“You are with him now and should take good care of him. He left us when he was very young.” Dolores said.
Bonnie understood Dolores’s concerns and laughed, “Rest assured, mom, I will take good care of him. You had been very good to him and gave him a lot during our wedding.” Bonnie continued, “You should rejoice. A lot of siblings would bicker due to money. Just look at them.”
Dolores looked towards the dining room. The two of them had arms around each other’s shoulders and were having a good time. She indeed felt blessed and happy.
She rejoiced that Andrew was safe and the brother’s relationship was so good.
On the other end, Amanda brought Jessica to White city. The Forbis family home was vacant but it looked like it was periodically cleaned. 
Jessica was thin and frail and could not walk steadily. Amanda supported her towards the door.
“This all looked so familiar.” Jessica looked around the courtyard. 
Instantly she had a flashback and thought about the days when she was with Mr. Forbis. They loved to sit under the tree in the courtyard. There was even a swing on the tree. 
“Do you still remember this place?” Jessica said as she sat down on the chair.
Amanda was here when she was young but had not returned since. She sat on the swing and replied, “Not too clearly.”
She had some impression but the memories were hazy and not too clear.
“Let’s stay here for several days before going to B city.” Jessica touched the stone table and reminisced the time when she had meals with Mr. Forbis. She suddenly thought about the days when she spent with him and then became melancholy due to his passing.
Amanda replied, “Okay.”
She got off the swing and walked to Jessica, “Grandma, did you love my grandfather?”
Jessica and Mr. Forbis were old when they decided to be with each other. They only spent their waning years together. Amanda wanted to know if they were together because of love or just companionship.
#####Chapter 1046 Don’t Wish To Hurt You
Jessica’s dull eyes sparkled for a moment but then she became sullen for a while as she was pondering her relationship with Kevin Forbis. She then said, “I don’t know.” She only knew that she felt very contented when she was with Kevin although he was not a very homely person. Neither was he detailed but he was very dependable which made her feel safe and assured.
“Amanda, do you think that there is life after death?” Jessica asked. She did not believe this in the past but now she began to hope for it.
“If there is, I wish that I can meet him earlier and spend my youthful days with him, bear him children and live my life with him,” Jessica said softly as her voice began to crack. She could no longer hide her emotions. But who has a life without regrets?
“I saw something on the internet which said,” Amanda held onto Jessica’s hand, “A man’s current wife was someone he buried in the previous life. So that meant that since you buried grandfather, he would become your husband in the next life and repay your kindness towards him.”
Jessica pondered for a while before she understood what Amanda said and started to laugh, “You’re an intelligent child!”
They stayed there for three days and were about to leave on the fourth day when they met Charles.
“Have you been cleaning this place?” Amanda asked. The place was very clean when they came. Although no one stayed there, it was obvious that someone must be cleaning it regularly. Charles lived nearby and had some connections with the Forbis family. He should be the one who maintained the place.
“Yes, I had been.” Charles admitted but he was curious why was she here and asked, “Why did you come suddenly?”
“My grandma would like to have a look,” Amanda replied.
Charles understood that because of Jessica’s age, she could not be sure when she would pass on. Making a trip would put her heart at ease.
“How many days do you intend to stay?” Charles asked.
Amanda replied, “We had already stayed for a few days and are preparing to leave.”
Charles nodded, “I just came back from C city. If I had known that you’re coming, I would have returned earlier.”
He noticed the bag which Amanda was carrying and asked, “Are you leaving now?”
Amanda confirmed.
“I’ll send you off,” Charles called out to the driver. 
“No need.” Amanda rejected, “I rented a car.” She then pointed to the car parked outside, “That car.”
The Forbis family home was rather remote. With a rented car, she could take Jessica out for meals instead of cooking.
“I’ll send you to the airport. Just leave the car here and I will settle its return.” Charles felt that he needed to do something for them. He would feel bad if he did not do anything. She was Dolores’s daughter and he should take care of her when she came to that area.
Amanda pondered for a while and then agreed, “Okay.”
She had intended to return the car before taking a taxi to the airport. Now with Charles’ offer to help, she would save some time. Thus, they got into Charles’ car.
Along the way, Charles asked, “Do you intend to return to C city?”
“No,” Amanda replied.
“Then…” Charles asked again, “To B city?”
Amanda nodded.
“Okay, let me know if you need anything.” Charles offered.
He knew the situation between Amanda and Charles. He pondered for a moment and then said, “A person who loves you would never hurt you. Someone who does will not hesitate to hurt you.”
#####Chapter 1047 Is She Calling Me
What Charles said was to remind Amanda not to soften her heart when she met Stanford. He was unworthy of her lifelong commitment.
Jessica was asleep at this point as she was fatigued from the travelling. 
It was silent for a moment the car before Amanda replied, “I know.” She was appreciative of Charles’ advice and concern.
“How long will you stay at B City?” Charles asked.
She looked at Jessica and then replied, “We’ve not decided, it depends on the situation.”
They remained quiet for a while. The car sped along the highway and Amanda was deep in her thoughts. After a while, she turned to look at Charles and asked, “Can I ask you a question?”
“Please go ahead,” Charles replied.
She pondered for a moment before asking, “Do you regret meeting my mother?”
Charles was puzzled and asked, “Why did you ask this?”
“Hmm… Isn’t it better to not have met the person who you loved but could not be together with?” In that case, a person would not be hurt.
Charles did not think so and replied, “It’s better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all. It’s better to have met someone who you can fall in love with. Otherwise, you would not have had that opportunity to truly love. Of course, it would be unfortunate not to be with the person but it is better than not meeting her at all.”
Amanda respected Charles as he was a decent person. At the very least he was a person who valued love.
They arrived at the airport and Charles directed the driver to carry the bags.
Amanda helped Jessica down the car and said, “Just leave us here, we’ll find our way.”
The driver took out their bags and helped with the wheelchair. Charles then said, “I’ll see you to the aircraft.” He was very insistent and Amanda did not reject his offer.
They waited a while till it was time to board the aircraft. Before boarding the aircraft, Amanda looked back and saw that Charles was still looking at them. She waved farewell to him.
She sat next to Jessica and before long the aircraft was airborne. 
Jessica started to mumble to herself, “Perhaps I’ll never have the chance to come back again.”
Amanda missed it and asked, “Grandma, what did you say?”
Jessica shook her head and answered, “Nothing.” The further she left that familiar place, the more unsettled she was. She could not even take a nap as her mind was filled with memories that she should have forgotten.
“Amanda, what are you thinking of?” Jessica asked as she was herself in a partial daze.
“Nothing.” Amanda covered Jessica with the blanket and said, “Grandma, have a nap.”
Jessica already slept for a while in the car and did not feel like sleeping now, “I’ve not seen Stanford for a while.”
Amanda was stunned for a moment before she replied, “He is very busy.” She did not want Jessica to worry about her affairs.
“Yes, you are all so busy.” Jessica leaned onto her shoulder and continued, “Will I be able to see your baby?”
Amanda could not reply and remained quiet.
“You are married much earlier than Joshua. Perhaps he would have a child before you.” Jessica said.
Amanda replied, “Yes, he has a good relationship with Bonnie.”
The aeroplane landed.
They arrived at this city again and although the city did not change much, Jessica felt that it was like a homecoming as she had not been there for a long time.
Amanda went to collect the bags as Jessica sat on the bench to wait. She then saw someone who looked like Stanford and remarked, “Stanford?”
Stanford did not hear the call as he was talking to Atwood.
“Send George away and those two would start to behave,” Atwood said.
Stanford had lost some of his memories but his mind was still sharp. The two from the James family wanted to capitalize on Stanford’s memory loss to let George manage the company so that they seize authority and the assets. However, Stanford did not let the James family manipulate him because of his memory loss. He sent George overseas to further his studies. Once back from his studies, he would still have a position at the company.
Without George, the two elder James would be more subdued.
“Hey, Stanford.” Jessica slow staggered towards Stanford called out to him.
Stanford noticed someone calling him, turned, and saw Jessica. However, he did not know who she was because he had lost his memories of her. So he did not reply and continued to walk away.
“Stanford, are you here to pick us up?” Jessica yelled again.
Now he was certain that he was not mistaken and even Atwood heard. Atwood’s expression changed as soon as he saw Jessica.
“Mr. James, we have a meeting this afternoon, let’s go.”
Stanford did not budge and asked, “Was she calling out to me?”
“I didn’t hear.” Atwood shook his head.
“Was I mistaken?” Stanford frowned.
“Perhaps, let’s go…” Atwood hurried him.
At this point, Amanda had picked up the bags and noticed that Jessica was no longer sitting at the bench. She noticed Jessica not far from her and hurried over.
Atwood was stunned when he saw Amanda and wondered why she was there. Immediately, he looked at Stanford’s expression.
#####Chapter 1048 Nothing To Do With Me
But Stanford’s expression did not change significantly. It looked as if he could not recognize the two women not far away from him.
“Grandma, didn’t I ask you to wait for me? Why did you come this way?” Amanda was upset and worried that Jessica strayed off without telling her.
Jessica grabbed her hand and said, “I saw Stanford. Was he here to receive us? I called out to him but he did not hear and walked off.”
When Jessica said this, Amanda raised her head and saw Stanford. She suddenly seemed unnatural and perturbed.
‘Why was he here?’
She sized Stanford and Atwood up. They did not appear to have returned from a business trip as they did not have any luggage with them.
“Grandma, you are mistaken.” Amanda led her away.
Jessica shook her head, “I did not, isn’t he Stanford? I’m not senile yet!”
“He’s not.” Amanda tried to avoid the matter and now Jessica began to falter, “Did I see wrongly?”
Amanda definitively said to Jessica, “Yes, you’ve made a mistake.”
At this moment, Stanford walked briskly over to them and asked, “Do you know me?”
Amanda did not turn to look at him but replied, “No.”
Jessica wanted to prove that she did not make a mistake and asked, “Are you Stanford?”
“Yes, I am.” Stanford was doubtful as there could be a coincidence and this old lady could have mistaken him for someone else. After all, this other lady kept denying.
“Mr. James, we have a meeting. We need to go now.” Atwood came over to remind him.
‘Even Atwood did not recognize them so most likely this old lady was mistaken.’ Stanford thought.
He did not persist and left with Atwood.
When Stanford got into the car, Atwood made up an excuse that he needed to use the restroom and told the driver to leave first. He would catch a taxi later. Stanford agreed and Atwood got out of the car.
After Atwood ensured that the car had left, he ran back into the airport terminal. However, the car moved a short distance and stopped. Stanford noticed Atwood’s actions from the rearview mirror and became suspicious.
“Shall we return to the office?” The driver asked.
“No.” Stanford opened the door and exited the car. He wanted to see what was going on as Atwood’s behaviour was very suspicious.
Atwood found Amanda inside the airport terminal.
“Mrs… Ms. Nelson.” Atwood almost addressed her as Mrs. James. But she was no longer Stanford’s wife. Additionally, Stanford had lost his memories and the two of them were effectively strangers.
“Can I help you?” Amanda sounded cold.
Atwood said, “Mr. James had not recovered his memories. George, the doctor, and I told him that he cannot recover.” They did not want him to recall his past.
After all, Amanda also would not forgive him. Since all the memories would only hurt him, he might as well forget them and start afresh.
“Recently, I’ve been encouraging him to make some friends of the opposite sex…” Atwood wished that Stanford could get married again and start a family.
Amanda was puzzled by Atwood’s actions and asked, “Why did you tell me these?” She then scoffed, “Do these have anything to do with me?”
“No…” Atwood simply felt the need to tell her since her hatred for him was so deep. Now she should know about Stanford’s condition.
“I’m afraid that you would misunderstand and in case you meet him, I’m afraid…”
“Say no more.” Amanda waved her hand, “I understand. I will not look for him. Furthermore, regardless of how he is in the future, it has nothing to do with me. I’m back because I have something to attend to. After all, this is a free country and I can come to this city as I wish.”
“Of course.” Atwood was still respectful of Amanda and offered, “Shall I get a taxi for you?”
“No need. I’ve already called for one.” Amanda rejected.
Jessica could not understand the conversation and asked, “Amanda, what are you saying?”
“Nothing.” Amanda led Jessica away and continued, “Let’s go. The taxi is here and waiting for us.”
Atwood looked at them leave and sighed as he left the airport. He did not notice Stanford leaving from another end.
Back at the office, Stanford continued to recall Atwood and Amanda’s conversation. The women did not appear to be strangers. On the contrary, they seemed familiar and the conversation kept referring to him.
He was certain that this had something to do with him and Atwood was keeping something from him. Atwood did not want him to know something.
He picked up the phone, dialled and the call was swiftly answered.
“Investigate someone for me and look for a hospital that is outside of this city,” Stanford ordered.
The call ended and someone knocked on the door. Atwood came back to the office and reminded Stanford that he had a meeting.
Stanford pretended that he did not know anything and went to the meeting.
Amanda and Jessica checked into the hotel and rested for the day. They would start their plans tomorrow. She bathed Jessica and ordered room service.
Amanda put Jessica to bed, took a shower, and was ready to rest when the doorbell rang and she went to open the door.
#####Chapter 1049 I Was Joking
Amanda opened the door and it was Joan. She was shocked and asked, “How come you’re here?” 
‘How did he know that they were staying there?’ She thought.
Joan seemed nervous when he asked her, “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.” Amanda was puzzled.
“Then how come I received a message from your brother that you’re in danger? He even told me the address and asked me to come to rescue you…” Then Joan seemed to realize something.
Amanda was shocked by this. How did Joshua know her travel details and address?
“Come in.” She said. He had rushed over from so far away and she should not keep him waiting outside.
Joan entered the room and she quickly poured a glass of water for him and said, “Have a seat.”
Amanda went into the bathroom and called Joshua, “What’s happening?”
“What?” Joshua quickly realized what was happening and asked, “You’ve met Joan?”
He leaned back into his seat and placed his feet on the table and said, “How can I be at ease knowing that you brought grandma out? Of course, I needed to know your itinerary. Now that you’re in B city, you may meet someone that you should not. I asked Joan to go, firstly because I am helping him as he likes you. I’m giving both of you a chance to get to know each other better. Secondly, I’m helping you in case you’re conned again.” Joshua explained.
“Joshua, I will settle my own things…” Amanda snapped back at him.
“Don’t refuse me if you don’t want mom and dad to worry,” Joshua said mischievously. 
Amanda was speechless. She could not rebut him.
“Can you inform me of your plans in the future and not give me a fright?” Amanda demanded.
“Okay, I’ll inform you in the future.” Joshua gave an empty assurance. Now that Joan was there, there was no way Amanda could demand that he left.
“There are many nice spots there. Go and visit them with Joan.”
“None of your business!” Amanda hung up the call. 
Joshua laughed gleefully. He agreed with Bonnie that Joan was a good man. Furthermore, he could not accept that Amanda and Stanford had any future together. He wanted to make sure that there was no possibility of them getting back together. Tragedy could only happen once and not be repeated!
Amanda kept her phone and came out of the bathroom.
At this moment, Joan also realized what was happening and asked, “If it’s inconvenient that I remain, I’ll leave first thing tomorrow.” Initially, he also felt odd that Joshua asked him to come instead of Joshua coming personally. Now he realized that Joshua did this to set him up with Amanda.
Yes, he indeed liked Amanda but he did not want to force anyone. He also did not want to impose. Even now, he would consider Amanda’s standpoint.
“No need!” She shook her head and continued, “Let’s look for a place for a drink.”
Joan nodded and agreed.
“Wait a minute. I need to change.” She said. 
“I’ll wait outside.” Joan was about to leave when Amanda called out to him, “Just sit on the sofa and give me a minute.” Joan obliged and sat on the sofa.
He took out his phone and stared into the screen and did not let his eyes wander.
Amanda changed and wore a simple dress. Her hair had just been blown dry and she did not put on any makeup.
“Let’s go.” She said.
Joan quickly stood up. His suit was slightly creased. From the looks of it, he came to look for Amanda as soon as he came into the country.
“I know a place which serves great coffee. It’s not far from here.” She said.
They walked over to the café not far from the hotel. It was a prime location and the street was very crowded.
“Did you come without taking anything?” Amanda noticed that he did not have any luggage and his clothes seemed untidy.
“Yes.” He answered truthfully.
“Since you’re back in my hometown, I must take care of you. Afterwards, we’ll go and get you some sundries and clothes to change into. Since you’re already here, you might as well spend a couple of days here. Do you have the time?” Amanda asked.
Joan was very busy but he instantly replied, “Yes.”
They arrived at the café. They sat down and Amanda asked, “What do you like?”
“Anything,” Joan replied.
Amanda ordered two cups of coffee.
“I intend to take my grandmother out sightseeing. Shall we go together?” She started the conversation to avoid any awkwardness.
“Where do you intend to go?” Joan asked.
“My grandma misses the villages and we should be going to the place where we lived and walk down memory lane.” She laughed.
Joan replied, “That’s for sure. We should go.”
“Why?” Amanda was puzzled why he was interested in going.
“To better understand you,” Joan said factually. He was also very direct in expressing his feelings for Amanda.
Amanda pursed her lips and did not know how to continue. Some words could not be said too many times.
“I won’t pressurize you and will never force you. There is no need to repay me for anything. We are both adults and know what we want.” He looked at Amanda and continued, “If my presence brings any inconvenience to you, you must tell me immediately. I will not make things difficult for you.”
“This way please.” 
A woman entered at this moment. She was wearing the latest Chanel collection. She walked by and left a trail of scent from the perfume that she wore. She sat at an empty table next to them.
“I won’t order now. I’m waiting for someone.” She said as she placed her Louis Vuitton bag on her lap and twirled her hair. The waiter acknowledged and left.
The woman did not affect them.
Joan’s admittance that he liked her but would not pester her made her feel positive about Joan. She then said, “Okay. If I decide to reconcile with him, it would definitely be inappropriate for you to remain. When that happened, I’ll let you leave.”
Joan was startled and he appeared to be disappointed. However, Amanda saw this and laughed, “I’m only joking.”
#####Chapter 1050 I Like The Original Taste
Joan kept his head down and chuckled helplessly.
When the coffee was served, Amanda asked Joan, “Do you want some milk with it?”
“I like to enjoy the bitter and aromatic taste.” Joan gently swirled the coffee and asked, “Do you take it with sugar and milk?”
Amanda did not touch the coffee, looked at him, and answered, “In the past, I would add sugar as I felt that it was too bitter. Then gradually I prefer to take it black.”
Perhaps it was the year when she was recuperating overseas after her brush with death. A lot of her regular habits changed during that time.
She took a sip of the coffee and commented, “The coffee tastes even finer in its original form.”
“I don’t like it to be too thick and intense.” Joan was a pleasant and accommodating person. He was looking for a marriage that could give him a simple life and not one which was full of excitement and surprises. 
Amanda grinned, “You don’t like an intense taste?”
“No,” Joan replied.
“I’ll treat you to a meal tomorrow.” She took another sip and then grinned when she placed the cup down. 
Joan picked up on this and said, “I think you’re up to no good.”
“Really?” She asked as she continued to smile cheekily. She thought, ‘He must have realized it.’
“Yes.” Joan was a smart man. She knew that he would not allow her to pay for it or perhaps she would take him to eat something strange. Then he said, “Okay, you must give me a treat and not back out of it.”
“Your language seems to be improving,” Amanda remarked in surprise.
Joan smiled, “Thanks, I’ve been learning.”
Stanford walked into the café and the lady seated beside them quickly stood up and called out, “Mr. James.”
Stanford looked over and frowned as he seemed to realize something. His cellphone rang at the same moment and it was Atwood who called him.
“Mr. James, this lady is the daughter of the owner of Lucien Group. She graduated from a renowned university and had been fond of you for a long…”
“So you lied to me?” Stanford interrupted him coldly before Atwood could finish.
After work, Atwood told him that he had something to discuss with him and asked to meet him at this café. Stanford thought that Atwood was going to come clean about what he was hiding from Stanford but little did he expect Atwood to set him up with this lady.
He became upset with Atwood.
“Mr. James, I’m doing this for your own good. You’re not getting any younger and should consider starting a family.”
“Mind your own business. You can have her if you think that she’s so good.” Stanford turned to leave but he caught a glimpse at Amanda and hesitated.
Both of them exchanged looks momentarily and Amanda immediately looked away.
She appeared to disregard it and continued to speak to Joan, “Perhaps we chose the wrong place today.”
Joan also saw Stanford and wanted to stand up to greet him but Amanda grabbed his hand, “No. Do not say anything.”
Before Joan asked, she quickly added, “He had lost his memories, and perhaps now he doesn’t even recognize me. So if you greet him, it’ll only trigger his memories or bring forth unexpected consequences.”
“How did this happen?” Joan remembered that Stanford was fine the last time they met. 
“Joshua did it,” Amanda said solemnly. But it was obvious that she did not want to go into details.
“Mr. James.” The lady dressed up especially for this occasion and was very beautiful.
Stanford was prepared to leave but when he saw Amanda had a man with her, he decided to sit down with that lady.
“Mr. James, I’m Hilary Lucien, I’m glad to make your acquaintance.” She suppressed her excitement and offered her hand. Stanford obliged and shook her hand.
“What would you like. I’ll order.” Hilary said as she flipped the menu.
“Anything will do.” Stanford looked towards Amanda to figure the relationship between her and Joan.
“Let’s go.” Amanda stood up as Joan glanced at Stanford and agreed, “Okay.”
They walked out of the café.
“What did the doctor say? Is it temporary or permanent?” Joan asked.
“I have nothing to do with his affairs. I’m not sure. Didn’t you see that he has his own life now?” She intentionally said. Stanford understood.
Stanford sat in place. He thought of going after them but he would not know what to say.
Suddenly he also stood up and walked out.
Hilary was startled and ran after him while calling out, “Mr. James…”
Stanford did not answer her, left the café, and got into the car.
“Mr. James…” Hilary ran out but was a moment too late. He had already departed in the car.
Amanda and Joan did not walk far and as Stanford’s car passed by them, Stanford took another look at them, and then the car sped away.
#####Chapter 1051 Do As I Say
The car sped off leaving a trail of pungent exhaust fumes.
Joan looked at Amanda’s expression. She was very calm and did not seem to be bothered to see Stanford with another woman. 
“Are you looking to see if I would cry?” She joked and continued, “All the tears had been previously shed.”
Joan pursed his lips and did not attempt to console her. He felt that the best that he could do was to walk quietly with her. Both of them walked casually without speaking a word.
A gust of wind blew Amanda’s hair around and she tucked some strains of hair behind her ear and said, “Let’s go shopping.”
“Okay.” Joan agreed to whatever Amanda wanted to do.
Amanda was very familiar with this city. She brought Joan to a shopping centre and went directly to the men’s section.
“My mother was a fashion designer but gave up her career after marrying my father,” Amanda said as they walked into a men’s store.
Joan nodded.
“Do you know my family background?” She raised her eyebrows.
“Not in detail. Just superficially.” Joan said and continued, “Your mother must have been very attractive when she was young.”
Amanda confirmed, “Yes.”
In the period she knew Joan, she noticed that the style and colour of the clothes he wore revealed that he was more conservative and reserved. Dark colours seemed to suit him.
“Do you have any official business to attend to over here?” She asked.
“No.” Joan did not have any business dealings in that city.
“Shall we buy something casual?” Most of the time, Joan would wear business suits, uniforms, or traditional Thai garments. She could not remember seeing him wearing something casual.
Joan nodded.
In that case, this store was unsuitable. She decided to bring Joan to another shop.
Perhaps she inherited some of her mother’s fashion sense and coupled with Joan’s build, she quickly picked out two outfits that were suitable for Joan.
“You can have the hotel staff dry clean what you are wearing now,” Amanda said.
Joan looked at her and asked, “Are you taking care of me now?”
Amanda kept her head down and replied, “If you think so.”
They paid for the clothes and went back to the hotel.
On the other end, Hilary called Atwood and asked, “What’s going on? He came and left without saying a word to me.”
“That’s Mr. James. If you really like him, then you need to be patient. I will also help you.” Atwood assured her.
Hilary indeed liked Stanford and asked, “What should I do?”
“Let’s meet.” Atwood had been with Stanford for a long time and understood his character. They fixed a place to meet up.
“You should know that I have many suitors but I really like Stanford. That’s why I’m so persistent and I hope that you can give me some suggestions and help me.” Hilary had a privileged upbringing and naturally had her pride and dignity. But she also genuinely liked Stanford.
That was also why Atwood was helping her.
The reason why Atwood chose her for Stanford was her family background was decent and rather like Amanda's. Although her family could not be compared to Amanda’s in terms of wealth, it was respectable enough. She was also very attractive and resembled Amanda slightly.
He felt that Stanford would like her after spending some time with her. Then Amanda would become a distant memory. Even if one day he were to recall Amanda, he would not be so sad. Atwood hoped that with a new love, he would be rid of all the past.
“Here you go.” Atwood gave Hilary a piece of paper. These were all the things that Amanda liked. Restaurants, colours, food, etc… 
“What’re these?” Hilary asked.
“Just do as instructed on this list and Mr. James would begin to see you differently. Now both our companies have some cooperation and you can use this excuse to socialize with him.” Atwood assured and continued, “Mr. James will fall for you if you are willing to do as stated.”
“Really?” Hilary asked doubtfully.
“Definitely.” Atwood handed her a box and said, “There are some clothes inside. Pick one to wear during the contract signing day after tomorrow.”
Hilary did not take over the box immediately as she was in disbelief. She then looked at Atwood doubtfully and asked, “Do you have a girlfriend?”
“What do you mean?” Atwood asked.
“You understand Stanford so well and even picked out the clothes for me. Why do I have the impression that your understanding of Stanford exceeded that of an assistant or a friend?”
She suspected that Atwood was homosexual, otherwise, how would he know Stanford so well?
Atwood was speechless.
“I’m straight and I like women, alright?” Atwood emphasized again, “Do as I say.”
Hilary agreed as she wanted to win the love of the man whom she liked.
She brought the box home with her and opened it. The clothes were the style that Amanda wore when she was with Stanford. Atwood intended to look for a lady who looked like Amanda to take her place beside Stanford.
#####Chapter 1052 You’ve Gone Overboard
Atwood felt that he was doing the right thing for Stanford.
Stanford went from the café to a hospital and did not tell Atwood about it. As his personal assistant, Atwood was normally well aware of his schedule. However, this time he did not tell anyone his movement and even turned off his cell phone.
The doctor examined him and shared his diagnosis, “You have amnesia. From my medical examination, you had a blunt force trauma to the head.” The doctor said as he looked at the test results.
“Can it be treated?” Stanford asked.
“You can but you would need surgery.” The doctor added, “But the risk is rather high.” Any brain surgery was risky. 
“Do it.” He simply said. He did not need to remember everything but he wanted to remember who that woman was! He had to remember!
“Okay, I’ll arrange for the hospital’s brain surgeon who had trained overseas but he would only be back in the country next week. We’ll set an appointment for next week and only then will he be able to come up with a surgery plan and schedule. Is this acceptable?”
It was too long for Stanford but he had no other choice but to wait.
“Okay, but do it as soon as possible.” Stanford wanted to quickly have the surgery.
Stanford left the hospital.
He returned to his house which was arranged by Atwood after he returned to C city. Now it was a new area. He previously lived on the northern side of the city and now he was towards the south. It was intentionally trying to give him a totally new environment.
There was a lady in the house when Stanford went home. She was wearing a red dress and wore her hair in a ponytail. She was cooking in the kitchen. Amanda had done this when she waited for Stanford to come home from the office.
He was dazed momentarily and the scene of a lady in red seemed so familiar but he could not recall.
“You are…”
She turned around and he started to frown.
“How did you get in and why are you here?” He asked coldly.
Hilary did not answer directly. Atwood arranged for her to be there.
She smiled, “You’re back.” She walked over to him.
Stanford took out his cellphone and called for the residential compound security.
Hilary quickly explained, “Atwood asked me to come.”
Stanford’s expression turned dark. 
She was not bothered and continued to prepare the dishes as Atwood listed out for her. According to Atwood, those dishes were his favourite.
“Go ahead and taste the dishes prepared by me.” She served the dishes.
Stanford did not appreciate her efforts and said coldly, “Please leave.”
Hilary stood by the table and looked at him, “Please give me a chance, furthermore…”
Knock, knock… Someone knocked on the door.
Stanford opened the door and there were two security guards. He asked the guards to make Hilary leave. Now, Hilary was unsettled and thought, ‘Didn’t Atwood say that Stanford would like her if she did these?’
“Stanford, I did these because I like you. You’ve gone overboard if you do this…”
Stanford remained nonchalant and calm.
Under the instructions of Stanford, the security guards removed Hilary from the premises. She had never been disrespected in such a manner. She was furious.
Stanford sat on the sofa, called Atwood, and said coldly, “Come over immediately.”
#####Chapter 1053 I Have Nothing to Hide from You
Atwood froze for a few seconds, "I'll be right over."
As he drove, he wondered if Hilary had pissed Stanford off by not doing what he said.
Why else would he have sounded so upset?
Soon he pulled up to the neighbourhood where Stanford lived, then found Hilary standing at the door. He parked the car and quickly walked over, asking, "What's going on?"
"I should be the one asking you that, right?" When had Hilary ever been kicked out? This was simply an insult to her. If word got out, how could she ever face anyone?
It would be a disgrace!
"Did you not do what I told you to do?" Atwood felt that if she did what he said, it would make Stanford look at her differently.
"I did exactly what you said, but he didn't accept me and blew me out. Do you know how ashamed I am?" Hilary was simply furious.
"Why don't you wait for me in the car? I will go in first and see what's going on?" Atwood tried to reassure her.
"Am I an idiot? Waiting for you here?" Hilary stopped the car, "You have to give me an explanation on this matter."
With that, she got into the taxi and left.
Atwood sighed and walked towards the neighbourhood.
When he arrived at Stanford's place, he rang the doorbell.
Stanford came to the door.
After sitting down, he came straight to the point and said, "Did you get that woman in?"
Only Atwood could come into his place.
Atwood didn't deny it, "Yes."
Stanford lifted his slightly cold eyes, "You're very straightforward. Do you have anything else to confess to me?"
Atwood pursed his lips.
He didn't know that Stanford knew about him talking to Amanda.
He had thought he didn't remember anything, as he had before.
After a long moment, he opened his mouth, "I'm not hiding anything from you."
"Really?" Stanford had never been so cold to Atwood, "In that case, I don't think you'll have to follow me in the future."
"Why?" Atwood stood up in shock.
Stanford stood up and walked to the window, turning his back on him, "You know what you've done. There is no need for me to say it."
"I don't know." Atwood came over, "I haven't been following you for a day or two. I've treated you ..."
"It's because you've followed me for so long that you have no boundaries in what you do and you even interfere in my personal affairs." Stanford turned while his eyes were as cold as they had ever been, "Atwood, do you think you can arrange my life?"
"I'm not. I'm not ..."
Atwood tried to explain, but found he couldn't.
In the end, he could only say, "Everything I do is for your own good."
"Are you my parents?" Stanford's tone grew colder, "Do you know what kind of life I want? And you dare say you're doing it for my own good?"
"I ..."
Atwood was speechless.
"I hate it when people interfere with my private life under the guise of doing it for my own good. If you keep doing that, don't blame me for being ungrateful."
Atwood froze in place.
"Have you heard something?" Atwood felt that Stanford was strange today and very different from before like he knew something.
"What do you think?" Stanford gestured to the kitchen and the table, "Clean them up before you go out. In the future, don't bring anyone in, including you, without my permission."
Atwood said, "I know."
He walked to the kitchen and dumped all those things Hilary had made into the trash, and stuffed all the vegetables she had bought into the trash as well.
Stanford turned his back on him and looked out the window, "Atwood, you've heard of Amanda, right?"
#####Chapter 1054 Deception
Atwood's heart stuttered. Why had he suddenly brought up Amanda？
Did he think of something, or did he regain his memory?
Stanford turned his head and took in Atwood's shocked expression.
Even if the information had not yet come from the people he had sent to investigate, it was clear from Atwood's behaviour that the woman who had called Amanda at the airport that day had something to do with him.
Atwood was still trying to hide him, "I, I don't know the person you're talking about. Who is she?"
Stanford glared at him, "It's time for you to rest. I’ll find someone to take your place."
Atwood was completely flustered.
"I ..."
"Don't explain." Stanford was clearly unwilling to listen and was already upset about the fact that he had lied to him.
He hated it when people arranged his life the way they wanted to.
No one could arrange his life!
Atwood didn't know how to explain it either, because he had nothing to say. He was indeed deceiving him.
He took the rubbish and walked out.
Stanford was obviously in a bad mood today and he didn't want to bother him, so he better waited for him to calm down before explaining.
He dropped the rubbish and drove away.
But the more he thought about it, the more he realized that something was wrong. Stanford had been fine before, but since Amanda had come back, Stanford had suddenly been out of sorts.
It must be because of Amanda.
Had she gone to see Stanford, thus arousing his suspicions?
There was a lot of confusion in his mind and he wanted to go to Amanda and ask her about it. But it was getting late, so he dismissed the idea of going to see Amanda and was going to see her tomorrow.
After breakfast in the morning, Amanda took Jessica out, and Joan went out with them wearing the clothes she had picked out for him.
For convenience, Amanda planned to rent a car, but Atwood blocked their way.
It was easy for him to find someone in City B.
Amanda's gaze was less than friendly, "What are you doing showing up again?"
She had only come to fulfil Jessica's wish and did not want to be disturbed again and again.
"Let's talk," Atwood said.
Amanda thought he was being ridiculous, "What do we have to talk about?"
"Did you go to see Mr. James?" Atwood asked frankly, "He's always been calm, but suddenly, he changed and even mentioned your name."
"You're sick, aren't you?" Amanda warned, "I haven't seen him. Oh, not really. I met him once in a while, but we didn't talk. Atwood, I'm warning you, don't ever bother me about him again!"
With that, she helped Jessica to leave.
Atwood tried to say something else but was stopped by Joan.
"Who are you? What are you doing?" He tilted his head and was displeased to be stopped in his tracks.
"It doesn't matter who I am. You should have heard what Miss Nelson said. Leave her alone, and don't show up in front of her again." Joan looked indifferent and his tone was cold, "Or don't blame me for treating you badly."
"Heh." Atwood thought he was hilarious, "Who do you think you are? This isn't Thailand ..."
Before he could finish his sentence, Joan simply ignored him, followed Amanda to the car, and left.
Atwood was speechless.
Hilary came to see a friend who had just returned from abroad and happened to overhear all their conversations. She came over and questioned, "Atwood, I thought you said there were no women around Mr. James. Who was that woman just now?"
Atwood was taken aback when he saw her, "What are you doing here?"
"Never you mind why I'm here. I'm asking you, who was that woman just now, and what is her relationship to Stanford? What did you deceive me about?" Hilary questioned. She suddenly remembered that when she and Stanford met in the coffee shop that day, he seemed to have been looking at that woman.
Then the woman left, and Stanford left immediately too.
"Atwood, you cheated on me?" She sounded angry.
"No," Atwood explained, "She, she, she's just Mr. James' ex ... girlfriend."
#####Chapter 1055 The Style He Likes
He didn't even dare to say who Amanda really was. Because he could see that Hilary was an extremely possessive and jealous person.
He didn't want Hilary to think otherwise.
"Since she's just Stanford's ex-girlfriend, there's nothing to be afraid of." She looked at Atwood, "My friend helped me out with an idea."
"What idea?" Atwood looked at Hilary's face and had a bad feeling in his heart.
Hilary pulled him aside and asked him in a whisper, "Is Mr. James a good man?"
Atwood was speechless.
What kind of bullshit question was that?!
"Is he a responsible man?" Hilary asked more bluntly.
Atwood then understood, "Of course. How can a man without integrity and responsibility get to where he is today? There are a lot of women who like Mr. James. If you're going to give up, I won't force you."
He first explained, then made concessions to gain advantages.
"When did I say I was giving up? There's never been anything I've wanted that I haven't been able to get." She leaned closer to Atwood and voiced her friend's idea, "Since Mr. James is responsible if I had sex with him, would he marry me?"
Atwood froze for a moment.
Well ...
"What's wrong?" Hilary raised an eyebrow, "Didn't you say that you would help me unconditionally? Why aren't you talking?"
Atwood swallowed, "Well ... well, it's not going to be easy to succeed, is it? Now Mr. James doesn't seem to have a good feeling about you ..."
Hilary grabbed Atwood's collar and closed the distance between them, "Even if he's an iceberg, I can still warm him up with my gentle body. Provided you help me."
Atwood flinched. He could help Hilary to approach Stanford but, this was a matter of principle.
If Stanford found out, he'd be pissed. It might be a small matter if he was angry, but if he sacked him outright, it would be more than worth it.
"You're scared?" Hilary let go of him and took a step back, then wrapped her arms around her chest and looked at him with contempt, "What did you tell me then? You said you would help me unconditionally and set me up with him. I've only asked you to do a small job for me, and you're not willing?"
"No." Atwood frowned, "I can help you unconditionally. With my knowledge of Mr. James, I can tell you what he likes and dislikes and you can take your time to approach him, but ..."
"Men are all the same. There isn't a man who isn't horny. He is yet to discover how good I am."
Atwood looked at Hilary in amazement. She was a wealthy girl. How come she spoke like a whore?
"Don't look at me with such eyes! Don't you dare say that Stanford has never had a woman?" Hilary didn't feel anything.
Atwood was speechless.
How had he not found before that Hilary was such an open woman?
"Why aren't you talking?" Hilary let out a laugh, "You're feeling guilty?"
Atwood cleared his throat and said, "I think it's more reliable for you to cultivate your relationship with Mr. James slowly. It's not going to last long with just your appearance and body, is it? I think it's better to do it my way."
"So tell me, what is the success rate with your way, and how much time would I need to waste?" She raised her voice, "Just give me a time and the success rate."
Atwood was speechless, for he was also unsure.
"You can't say anything? Because you don't know yourself, do you?" Hilary read Atwood's mind and said, "Now I'll give you two ways. One is to agree to my idea and help me, or two, we'll end our cooperation completely, and then I'll go and tell Stanford that you arranged all my visits to his house, and I'll also take those clothes you sent me to show him, and ask if they're the style he likes."
#####Chapter 1056 Probably Allergic
"I think Stanford would be very upset if he knew you were revealing his private affairs and personal preferences, wouldn't he?"
"You're threatening me?" Atwood looked like crap. He was indeed afraid that Hilary would go to Stanford and tell him this. He wasn't afraid of her telling Stanford the things he had said, but he was afraid that Stanford would think more about it.
"Have you thought about it yet?" Hilary raised an eyebrow, looking like she had gotten the better of him.
Atwood said, "I know what to do."
With that, he turned around and left.
Hilary looked at his back and smiled.
Atwood went straight to the office after leaving. However, Stanford did not come to the office today and no one knew where he had gone.
He panicked for a while and looked around for him.
Thinking about him asking himself about Amanda, he tried looking for him at the place where he used to live after he and Amanda got married.
When he went there, he did find Stanford and learned that he was investigating Amanda's affairs.
The man beside him was briefing him on what he had found out, "This is where you used to live after you were married."
Stanford stood in front of the villa, and his eyes deepened. He looked calm, but his heart was already in turmoil.
"What else did you find out?" He asked in a low voice.
"I haven't found out much so far." The man replied.
Stanford was disappointed, "Keep looking."
"Yes." The man left.
Atwood watched as Stanford walked into the villa and didn't come out for a long time.
He suddenly realized that perhaps he might be wrong.
What he thought was good might not be good for Stanford.
His life should be his choice, and he had no right to interfere.
"Maybe I should help you find your happiness again." Atwood pulled out his phone and called Hilary, "Just wait for my message."
Hilary was in a very good mood and replied, "Okay."
In the evening, Amanda took Jessica back to the hotel. Joan was flushed and had his jacket slung over his arm as if he was allergic.
"Would you like an ice cream?" Amanda looked back at him.
The hot pot they had this evening was very spicy.
Joan sort of experienced the horror of her treats.
"To cool yourself down." She said with a smile again.
"No need." He was very calm even though he was obviously being screwed by Amanda, "I don't like sweets."
"Then let's go get some ice water?" Amanda pulled him along, "You'd better go. Hurry up and cool yourself down."
She actually wanted some water too.
This time Joan didn't refuse and nodded.
Jessica slapped Amanda, "You're not allowed to bully him anymore."
Amanda had been bullying Joan when they were out today.
She could barely stand to watch.
"Grandma, I'm your granddaughter." She pouted in front of Jessica.
Joan looked at her and smiled unconsciously.
She was sometimes mischievous as a child.
They asked for two glasses of iced water and one glass of warm water.
Amanda and Joan both drank the iced one while Jessica drank the warm one.
They sat in the restaurant in hotel for a while before going back to their room.
Amanda and Jessica were in room 1809 on the eighteenth floor.
Joan was in room 2106 on the twenty-first floor.
Above the eighteenth floor were luxury suites.
Joan was afraid that Amanda would be uncomfortable if he lived too close to her, so he chose a room on the 21st floor.
He returned to his room, dropped his jacket, and prepared to take a shower, then found that his body was even hotter than when he had eaten the hotpot. He took off his shirt to reveal his strong and healthy body. There were slight red spots on his body, probably due to the chillies he had eaten.
He didn't care but went straight into the bathroom to take a shower. Soon the sound of clattering water came. After the shower, his body was getting hotter and hotter instead.
He walked out in his bathrobe, thinking he might be allergic. He picked up the phone and was about to dial when the doorbell rang.
#####Chapter 1057 The Plan Didn't Work
Joan was going to call the receptionist and bring him some allergy medicine. Then he put the phone down and went to open the door.
He had just touched the door handle when all the lights on this floor suddenly went out. It was pitch black and nothing could be seen.
Before he could recover from his surprise at the sudden blackout, a woman smelling of perfume flung herself into his arms.
Joan's pupils contracted. What was going on? How could the hotel have lost power?
The next second, he pushed the woman away almost without thinking, "Who are you?!"
There was a bang and a scream along with the sound of the fall.
Hilary covered her head and crumpled to the ground, screaming in pain.
Instead of going forward to ask her, Joan turned around and went back to his room to look for his phone.
Soon, he felt the phone on the table. He tapped it on, thus getting a glimmer of light, then he turned on the phone's light and shone it out. At this point, someone from another room also came out because of the power outage.
The crowd was upset about the sudden power outage and yelling, "What kind of fucking five-star hotel is this? The power is out? I was taking a shower and I almost died in there."
The hallway was filled with disgruntled shouts.
Joan ignored the noises rattling around in his ears and pointed his phone out into the hallway. He saw a pair of thin white legs, then a dress ...
The lights suddenly came on.
There was another cacophony of noise in the hallway.
"The power's back on."
It was only then that Joan saw that the woman cowering on the floor, clutching her head and screaming in pain, was a sexy woman in a dress. She was holding her head, so he couldn't see her face.
"Crap, someone fell?" Someone in the hallway saw a woman lying on the floor over here. Some wanted to see the fun and those who wanted to see what was going on, and they all came over.
"Who are you?" Joan asked.
The voice sounded a little strange, not like Stanford's. Hilary lifted her face from her messy curls.
Seeing the man standing in the doorway, she didn't remember that she had seen him in the coffee shop either.
She was even more shocked than Joan, "What are you doing in this room?"
"This was supposed to be my room." Joan's voice was slightly cold. Obviously, he was displeased that such a ridiculous thing had happened to him.
"Your room?" Hilary tried to get up, and only then did she realize what she now looked like.
Someone even stared at her body and said, "Wow."
She covered her chest and stood up hastily. However, she was wearing high heels, so she didn't step firmly and fell once again.
Ouch!!!
Her face was contorted with pain.
The onlookers laughed out loud, and some men teased, "Your ass has fallen into four pieces, hasn't it?"
Hilary had never been so humiliated before, and this was the first time.
She covered her face while her cheeks burned with shame.
At this time, Atwood brought Amanda up.
Originally, he had wanted her to see what had happened between Joan and Hilary, so that she would be disappointed in Joan, and then he would be helping Stanford.
But when they got off the lift, all they saw was Hilary sitting woefully on the floor being laughed at.
What, what was going on here?
Amanda glanced at the woman on the floor and walked straight towards Joan, noticing that his face was even redder than it had been at the hotpot restaurant.
"Joan, are you okay?" She asked with concern.
Joan shook his head, "I'm fine. I'm just hot."
Amanda raised an eyebrow. Hot?
He'd looked much better when they'd had drinks in the restaurant downstairs. And how could he be hot like this when the hotel was air-conditioned?
Joan said with certainty, "I, I'm probably allergic."
Otherwise, he wouldn't be so uncomfortable.
"You get dressed. I'll take you to the hospital." Amanda said apologetically, "I'm sorry. I was just trying to joke with you and didn't expect ..."
"It's nothing to do with you." Joan said, "I'll probably be fine with some medicine."
"You'd better go to the hospital." She was uneasy.
"Atwood, explain to me exactly what is going on. How can it be a foreign man who appears in this house? Where is Stanford?!!!" Hilary had been annoyed after making such a big fool of herself. Now she was taking her chances.
Atwood, of course, would not admit that all this was deliberately arranged by him to give Joan no chance to compete with Stanford. Who would have known that the ... plan didn't seem to work.
#####Chapter 1058 Denial
"I... How would I know?" Atwood was dead set against admitting it.
Hilary said coldly, "You would not know?"
She got up from the ground and yelled at those watching the fun, "Get out of here!"
"Nuts." Someone snorted disdainfully and went back to the room.
Everyone found it pointless and went to their own rooms.
Hilary grabbed Atwood's collar, "I'm telling you, if you don't make this clear, I will never spare you!"
"You won't spare me? What can you do to me?" He looked like he was a victim too, "I really don't know what's going on here. I obviously asked Mr. James to stay at this ..." As he spoke, he met Amanda's eyes, and then he hurriedly shut up.
But it still made Amanda suspicious. She said coldly, "Atwood, you've been pestering me to come upstairs, so you're deliberately putting on this show for me to misunderstand Joan?"
"I ..." Atwood was awkward and tried to explain, "I really don't know what's going on."
At this point, he had no choice but to deny it.
"You're lying. How could you not know?" Hilary seemed to understand something too.
"It's not actually Stanford in this room in the first place, but this foreigner. You wanted to set Stanford up with his ex-girlfriend, so first, you had to sabotage Stanford's ex-girlfriend's affection for this man who seemed to like her so that Stanford could pursue his ex-girlfriend again, right?"
Atwood was still denying, "I... I don't know. What the hell are you talking about? I don't understand."
"You don't understand? I've never been so embarrassed. You are the one who made me lose face in front of so many people. Atwood, I'm not done with you. And it's okay if you don't admit it. I'll get to the bottom of it. If I find out that you lied to me and played me, I will not let you off the hook. I'm telling you, I'm not easy to mess with either!" After saying that, Hilary turned around and left. Probably because she was walking too fast, she didn't step on her heels and broke her foot, "Ah!"
A stinging pain came from her ankle and she fell again as her knees went weak and her body tilted to the side. As she fell, she heard a stabbing sound. Her skirt was splitting.
Atwood laughed out loud.
Hilary turned her head to glare at him. Atwood immediately stopped smiling, took his jacket off, and handed it to her, "Wrap it around your waist."
"No need!" Lee gritted her teeth.
Atwood didn't force her, "If you're not afraid of losing face, then you don't need it."
Her skirt was already short, and now it was splitting. Her underwear was showing, so there was no way she could walk.
She took Atwood's jacket as soon as she could and covered her legs, "Help me up."
Atwood helped her up, "I'll take you back."
He lifted her and pressed the lift. Soon the doors opened and he helped Hilary, who had broken her foot, into the lift.
And he was still explaining what had just happened.
"I really don't know what's going on today."
Hilary looked at him, "You think I'll believe that?"
"To be honest with you, Mr. James' ex-girlfriend actually still likes Mr. James. It was probably her who changed the person in the room to be that foreigner." Atwood was trying to pass the buck.
"You're saying that woman just now still has a crush on Stanford?" Hilary asked.
Atwood nodded, "I think so, though I have no proof."
"Is that so?" Hilary narrowed her eyes, and the corners of her lips curled into a cold smile, "So that means I made a fool of myself today because of her?"
"Well... well ... may ... be." Atwood stammered weakly.
In the room, Amanda told Joan to get dressed, "I'll take you to the hospital."
"No, I'm really fine. I'll just take some medicine and I'll be fine." Joan didn't think it was a big deal. He was just allergic, and he didn't need to go to the hospital at all.
"No, you might not be allergic." Amanda opened the cupboard to get his clothes and found the cupboard empty. She turned her head and asked him, "Where are your clothes?"
Joan pointed to the bag sitting on the couch. He hadn't hung up the clothes he had bought at the mall last time.
Amanda walked over, not noticing the water under her feet, "Ah!" She slipped on the water and fell over.
"Look out!" Joan quickly swooped over and caught her the moment she was about to fall to the ground. Ugh...
He fell backwards into the gap between the coffee table and the sofa, and Amanda fell on top of him.
Amanda was still suffering from the shock as she turned back.
"Are you all right?" Joan looked at her.
#####Chapter 1059 I Want to Kiss You
"Huh?" Amanda froze for a few seconds before she responded. She hurriedly got up, "Are you okay?"
Joan said, "No."
Touching the collar of his bathrobe, she noticed that the skin exposed was red. She hurriedly turned around, and said, with her back to him, "Hurry up and get dressed. I'll take you to the hospital."
With that, she walked quickly out of the room, while saying as she closed the door, "I'll meet you at the door."
The door to the room closed with a click. Joan sat down on the floor and did not get up immediately. He was a little unconscious and just felt hot. It was clear that the air conditioning was sending out a cool breeze. He tugged at his collar and stood up holding down the sofa, then picked up the phone on the table and called Amanda.
The call was soon answered.
"Amanda, you go back and rest. I'm fine." Joan said.
He walked over to the mirror, feeling that he was really woefully out of shape in this state.
He didn't quite want Amanda to see him in such an abnormal state.
Joan didn't know what was going on with him, but Amanda could see it. How could Atwood just coax Hilary over and not do anything else?
"I'm at ..."
Amanda was just about to say that she was waiting for him at the door when the phone was hung up.
Inside the room, Joan threw his phone onto the bed and went to the bathroom. He felt the heat on his body almost consume him and he just couldn't take it anymore. So he went into the bathroom and turned on the shower.
The cold water kept falling from the shower and soon he was wet.
Amanda was worried and called him back. But when the call came through, there was no answer.
The sound of the rushing water drowned out the ringing of the phone.
Worried that something had happened to Joan, Amanda went downstairs to find the receptionist.
Once the hotel door was closed, it could only be opened from the inside.
So she had to ask for help from the hotel staff.
But the receptionist did not agree to open the door and gave the reason, "We have rules in the hotel that we are not allowed to give out guest information. We can't open the door for you."
"His life could be in danger." Amanda spoke coldly, "If he dies, are you responsible?"
The receptionist was instantly speechless. It was a responsibility she couldn't afford, and it was no small responsibility for the hotel.
"I'll ask the manager, okay?" The receptionist asked.
"Please hurry up." She was anxious.
"Okay." The receptionist called and asked for the manager's opinion. With permission, she showed Amanda to the door.
The door to the room opened and she pushed it in.
The whole room was silent. She took a few steps, "Joan?"
But there was no response.
She gently pushed open the bedroom door and looked around the room, but did not see him.
She walked in and whispered his name, "Joan?"
The bathroom door was closed and there seemed to be someone inside. She pulled open the bathroom door and finally saw Joan.
His robe was soaking wet, his hair was dripping, and the floor was wet.
He was sitting on the floor against the wall.
Even though his mind had been cleared by the cold water for a long time, the unknown fire inside him had not been completely doused.
He raised his eyes from his wet hair. Seeing it was her, his eyes narrowed slightly, "How could you get in here?"
She stood in the doorway, "I was afraid something would happen to you." She walked in and held his arm, "You'll get sick like that. It would be better for you to go to the hospital."
Joan looked at her, "Are you concerned about me?"
"Of course. You're like this because of me. I'm responsible for your personal safety ..."
He suddenly reached out and wrapped his arms around her while his deep eyes glowed with light. He slowly moved up to her ear and said, "I want to kiss you."
#####Chapter 1060 It's Me Who Is Losing Out, Right?
Amanda thought she was hallucinating. She asked incredulously, "What did you ... just say?"
Joan couldn't quell the desire inside him, and his heart thudded. He couldn't even speak as clearly and calmly as he usually did. His heart was as unsettled as a stirring lake, "I ... I ..."
He didn't know where he had just gotten the courage to say what he longed for. However, when he came to his senses and faced Amanda soberly, he was afraid to say it again.
Amanda laughed, "I knew for sure that I had misheard. How could you possibly say you wanted to kiss me ..."
After all, Joan wasn't a flirtatious person.
Joan's heart beat faster and he was at a loss. His mind was in chaos, not knowing what he was doing or what he was about to do, "You didn't hear me wrong."
Amanda froze.
"You ... um-"
Her unspoken words were drowned out inside a kiss full of affection. Her lips were taken in by two warm lips. And the moment he kissed her lips, Joan's heart fluttered uncontrollably.
She was so shocked that her pupils vibrated and she even forgot to react.
They were so close that Joan could even see the delicate fuzz on her face and smell the faint scent of her body. His breath became hotter while he wrapped his arms around her waist, then kissed her tenderly and deeply.
Amanda came back to her senses and immediately pushed him away. Flustered, overwhelmed, and incredulous, she took two steps back to distance herself from Joan.
Joan blushed slightly, "I ..."
"I know you didn't mean it!" Amanda had no idea what Joan was going to say. Anyway, whatever he was going to say, she would not listen to it, lest she was embarrassed.
"I understand." She wasn't reassuring herself, but she knew that Joan probably acted this way because of his body. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't have acted like that.
She tucked the clothes on the sofa into his arms, "Change your clothes. I'll take you to the hospital."
She turned her back and did not go out, fearing that he would try to calm himself with cold water in the room alone again.
"I'm not looking. You hurry up and get dressed."
Joan dumped the clothes out on the bed. As he undressed, he said, "I'm not afraid of you looking."
Amanda was speechless.
Why did he sound like he was drunk?
"I'm not looking at you." It wasn't like she was a nymphomaniac who wanted to see his body whenever she saw a man.
She could feel he had a nice body even through his clothes though.
"Then who do you want to look at? Stanford?"
"What are you babbling about?!" Joan's comment seemed to have irritated Amanda. She turned around and pushed him down on the bed, then stared at him condescendingly, "I'm done with him. Don't ever mention him in front of me again or I won't spare you!"
Joan lay still and looked at her face, which was red with anger.
Amanda then realized that his soaking wet robe had been removed and his strong chest was exposed to her eyes, which was still covered in crystalline droplets of water. He was half lying down and there wasn't an ounce of fat on his stomach, while further down was the underwear he had just put on ...
Her face flushed suddenly and she turned away.
Then she said in shame, "Joan, I didn't expect you to be a rogue!"
Joan blinked and asked, "Weren't you the one who looked at my body? I'm the one who's at a disadvantage, right?"
Amanda was speechless.
It was not as if he had been given an aphrodisiac, but rather as if his personality had changed.
"I see you're all right now." With that, she strode towards the door.
Joan got up and hugged her from behind, "Don't go."
#####Chapter 1060 Confession
Amanda was startled and her whole body tensed up. She wanted to turn around and scold him, but as soon as she did, she saw Joan collapse.
She stiffened for a moment before slowly squatting down and patting his face, "Joan?"
There was no response.
She frowned and patted a little harder, "Joan, don't joke with me or I'll get angry."
But he still didn't look like he was going to wake up.
She then panicked and immediately took out her phone and called the ambulance.
About half an hour later, an ambulance came and pulled him into the hospital.
Amanda sat on a bench in the corridor and waited for the doctor to give the results of the examination.
It didn't take long for the doctor to walk out.
She stood up and walked over to him and asked, "Doctor, how is he?"
The doctor looked at her a little strangely, "What are you to him?"
"His friend," Amanda replied.
"Girlfriend?" Without waiting for Amanda to answer, the doctor had already decided so, "Did he take one of the aphrodisiacs that are particularly popular on the market right now? This drug is very powerful and can make people over-excited, but there are after-effects."
Amanda was shocked. She knew that Atwood must have drugged Joan. She thought it was just an aphrodisiac, but she didn't expect that there would be after-effects.
"What after-effects?" She asked.
"The drug will make a person very aroused, but he may not remember being aroused after the drug wears off. We have checked the patient and there is no major damage to his body. However, it's best not to take this drug because taking too much can cause damage to the body." The doctor said.
She nodded, indicating that she knew, and asked, "Did he faint because of taking this drug?"
"Yes. He didn't get the release and was overly repressed, so all the medicine built up in him and caused him to faint." The doctor explained and quickly added, "I understand that young people like you seek excitement, but it's better to be normal. Taking drugs for pleasure can create dependency and hurt your body."
Amanda felt embarrassed and said reluctantly, "I know."
It didn't take long for Joan to be pushed out, "You're his family, right? You can go when he wakes up in a few minutes."
"Okay."
She found a chair to sit by the bed and waited for Joan to wake up.
As she waited, she fell asleep on the edge of the bed.
By the time she woke up, it was dawn.
She opened her eyes slowly and raised her hand to look at her wristwatch. It was five o'clock. Hadn't Joan woken up yet?
She looked up and saw Joan sitting on the edge of the bed.
"You're awake?" She paused for a moment, "Why didn't you call me when you woke up?"
Joan turned his head to look at her, "I was thinking about a problem."
"What problem?"
"Why am I in the hospital?" He asked as he blinked.
"You were sick and fainted, so I took you to the hospital." She stood up and moved around for a moment, "Now that you're awake, let's go back."
Joan was clearly sceptical, "I remember the power going out in the hotel and a woman appearing ..."
He remembered everything from the beginning, but not what happened just during that period when the medicine was at its strongest.
"Hallucinations. It's all hallucinations. Let's get out of here." Amanda didn't want him to think about the mess, "Grandma is still at the hotel. I don't feel comfortable with her being alone."
"Okay." Joan didn't ask any more questions, but followed her out of the hospital and took a taxi back to the hotel.
"You have to do me a favour today," Amanda said as she sat in the car.
"Go ahead."
"I have to go out today for something. Can you take care of Grandma for me?" Amanda asked.
She had to find Atwood and warn him not to bother her, let alone hurt anyone around her!
Joan didn't ask what she was going to do and just agreed.
Back at the hotel, Amanda went to see Jessica. She waited until Jessica woke up and had breakfast before she left.
Joan took her for a walk around the neighbourhood.
Amanda took a taxi to Stanford's office.
Atwood happened to be at the office today and wanted to confess to Stanford and admit his mistake.
When it was time to go to work, he knocked on Stanford's office door.
Stanford was answering the phone. He said come in and continued to listen to the phone. It was the hospital calling to say they had set a time for the operation.
"I've got it. I'll be there."
There were still a lot of tests to be done before the surgery, so he would have to go over early.
The person on the other end of the phone said something else, and he hung up after saying yes.
Atwood came over, "I'm sorry."
He apologized straight away.
Stanford leaned back and rested against the back of the chair, and looked at him coldly, "What are you sorry for?"
He could probably guess what Atwood had come to confess, and he was indeed angry with him for taking matters into his own hands and even deceiving him!
"I shouldn't have hidden what happened before you lost your memory. I shouldn't have ..."
Before he could finish his sentence, the door to his office was thrown open with a bang.
The secretary stood in the doorway and said in a dilemma, "This young lady had to barge in. I can't stop her."
#####Chapter 1061 I Want to See You
Seeing it was Amanda, Stanford subconsciously stood up straight.
Atwood, on the other hand, was shocked. How did she get over here?!
"You go down." Stanford had not yet remembered his past with Amanda, but he now knew about her relationship with him. Seeing her at the moment, his heart palpitated.
The secretary expected to be scolded, but was not, so she hurriedly withdrew.
"You came to see me?" Stanford suppressed his uncontrollable excitement and looked at her.
Amanda's face was cold and even her tone was the same, "Sort of."
She walked up to Atwood and gave him a cold glance before setting her eyes on Stanford, "Stanford, no matter how long it takes, you're still insidious and like to set people up behind their backs!"
Stanford suddenly clenched his hands and stared at her, "What do you mean?"
"Don't you know what I mean?" Her eyes were very sharp, "Didn't you ask Atwood to set up Joan? You looked down on that woman, so you used dirty tricks to get her into Joan's bed. retribution
"This has nothing to do with Mr. James. I took matters into my own hands." Atwood hurriedly explained, "I wanted you to misunderstand Joan so that you would give Mr. James a chance. If you want to vent your anger, just come at me."
"Oh ..." She sneered and looked at Atwood sarcastically, "It is true that what kind of master comes with what kind of servant. You've been with Stanford for so long, and you've learned nothing else, but for these dirty tricks, you've got the real deal."
She rolled her eyes and stepped forward. She was considerably shorter than Atwood but no less imposing. She grabbed Atwood by the collar and Atwood had to bend over.
"Atwood, you have interfered in my affairs more than once. I hope this is the last time. If you ever hurt anyone around me again, don't blame me for treating you badly!" With that, she pushed Atwood away and turned to leave.
And she didn't even look at Stanford.
He sat frozen in place and watched her slender back as she left, and could not react for a long time.
He no longer remembered that he had anything to do with her. But at this moment, watching her treat him so coldly and heartlessly, his heart ached.
What kind of past did they have between them?
"Mr. James, I'm just trying to help you. If you want to get back together with Miss Nelson, that man, Joan, she's with is definitely an obstacle. I just didn't expect that she would misunderstand and think it was your idea. I'm sorry ..."
Stanford raised his hand to indicate him not to explain, "When someone has a prejudice against you in their heart, anything you do is wrong."
Now he was not only the one involved but also a bystander, so he was more awake than before and saw things clearly.
Amanda took the lift to the floor. There was a ding and the lift doors opened. Hilary had come to the office to see Atwood and was trying to get on the lift. When she saw Amanda get off the lift, she froze, quickly retraced her steps, and asked, "What are you doing here?"
Could it be that what Atwood had said was true, that she still had feelings for Stanford?
Amanda looked her up and down and didn't pay her any attention, but simply left.
She hadn't met her a few times, let alone known her.
Whether Atwood had lied to her, or whatever the reason was, it was disgusting enough that she jumped right on top of a man.
She had no good feelings for her in her heart.
Being ignored like that made Hilary very upset.
She had already broken up with Stanford but was still pestering him. Obviously, she was up to no good.
Ex-girlfriends were the most annoying of all.
Then she dialled Atwood's number, "I want to see you!"
#####Chapter 1063 Reaching a Partnership
Atwood had just come out of Stanford's office when his mobile phone rang. He picked it up, and it was Hilary's angry voice coming over from the other side.
He looked towards the door as if he was trying to see Stanford's upset look through the thick wooden door.
Even if he didn't remember Amanda, he still had mood swings because of her.
Perhaps he was wrong to let him remember Amanda.
He must help Stanford get Amanda back.
"I'll be right there." He walked out quickly.
Soon the lift stopped, and he arrived downstairs. Hilary was standing in the lobby when she heard the lift open and turned her head to look over.
"Ms. Lucien," Atwood strode over.
She was in such a hurry to call him. Perhaps she had seen Amanda.
"Is that woman here to make up with Stanford?" Hilary wrapped her arms around her chest, looking disdainful.
Atwood nodded.
She was used to being flattered and had never looked down upon. She had never failed to get what she liked.
Amanda had apparently looked down upon her just now.
This made her feel discomforted inside.
"Shameless!" Hilary said with hatred.
Atwood looked at her and thought to himself, 'How can a young lady like her speak like a shrew, with no modesty.'
"I have an idea…" Atwood looked at Hilary, "But you have to come forward. You know I'm with Stanford and he will fire me if he finds out."
"What idea?" Hilary was half-hearted. After all, she had made a big fool of herself at the hotel last time.
Although it was her idea last time, the blunder was caused by Atwood not doing a good job on his part, which made her embarrassed in front of the crowd.
"But you have to think it over." Atwood was thinking about the feasibility of this plan of his.
The more he thought about it, the more feasible he felt it was. And when it was implemented, Amanda would definitely be moved and therefore make up with Stanford.
By then, he would have helped Stanford.
"What do I have to be afraid of? I've never lost growing up." Hilary tilted her head, fearing nothing.
"Okay." Atwood said, "This is not the place to talk. Let's find a place to discuss. We have to do everything right this time."
Seeing that he was so confident, Hilary was feeling smug inside. Even Stanford's men were now looking out for her, so what was that ex-girlfriend of Stanford's?
They found a quiet place to discuss the plan in detail.
When they agreed on the plan, they reached a partnership. 
The two split up.
When Hilary got up to leave, she was proud and said, "If this plan is successful and I can succeed in getting rid of Amanda, I'll treat you well."
Atwood only raised the corner of his lips and said nothing.
However, at this time, Amanda had already gone out with Jessica.
She planned to leave tomorrow. Jessica had not been in good spirits for the past two days and wanted to take her back to recover well.
She had taken her to see all that she wanted to see, and there was nothing to regret.
"Are you coming with us, or are you booking a flight straight back to Thailand?" She asked.
Joan said that he was going straight back as there was something there for him to take care of.
"I'll book your flight tonight."
"No need…"
"I'll book it for you." Amanda said sincerely, "You've helped me a lot. Just consider it my thanks to you."
Joan didn't refuse.
Jessica suddenly said she wanted to eat red bean pudding. Amanda looked around and found a dessert shop across the street, which should be able to buy that. She looked at Joan, "You keep an eye on Grandma for me, I'll go to buy it."
"It's better if I go," Joan said that the dessert shop was across the road, and there were a lot of vehicles at this hour.
"Alright then." Amanda helped Jessica to sit on the edge of the pond, "Thank you."
Joan said you're welcome then walked towards the opposite side of the road.
Just as Joan reached the opposite side of the road, a silver van suddenly stopped.
A few men got out of it and came up to seize them without saying anything.
"What are you doing?" Amanda shielded Jessica behind her and frowned at them.
"Are you Amanda Nelson?" The man in the lead asked.
Amanda didn't say a word and didn't admit it.
The man took out his phone and looked at the photo, saying, "We know it's you even if you don't say anything."
After saying that, he ordered his men to arrest her. If it was only Amanda here, she could probably run away, but Jessica was old and no way she could escape with her at the moment.
In desperation, she could only call for help towards Joan, "Joan! Joan… um…"
Joan was coming out from buying red bean pudding when he saw Amanda being covered and shoved into the van. He immediately ran over.
#####Chapter 1064 I Never Lied
However, a car passed in front of him at that moment and almost hit him. Luckily, he was athletic and crossed over the car with one hand on the bonnet.
The silver van on the other side had already gone off into traffic, and it was impossible to catch up by his legs. 
Looking around, he saw a taxi and rushed over to stop it. He got in and pointed at the van, "Catch up with that silver van."
The taxi driver turned his head to look at him. He was less willing to help, seeing that he was a foreigner, "Tell me, where are you going…"
Joan gave him all the cash he had, "Help me catch up that van, and I'll give you as much as you want."
Seeing that he had more than two hundred dollars in cash in his hand, the taxi driver was impressed. After all, he had only earned sixty dollars for working a whole day.
"You said it." The driver grabbed the money, hit the gas and followed the van. He asked, "Why are you chasing that car?"
"… My friend is on it," Joan said.
The driver said, "Oh."
Joan just kept his eyes on the van, urging now and then, "Keep up."
"Don't worry, I won't lose it." The taxi driver said with great confidence. He had been driving a taxi for twenty years and was very skilled at driving.
He had developed a notable skill in overtaking for often being urged on by customers in a hurry.
Driving through the rowdy downtown area, they reached the outer ring.
Not knowing when this was going to end, the taxi driver looked at the anxious Joan and said, "If I catch up with that van, you'll have to pay me two thousand dollars."
Joan agreed without even thinking, "Okay."
"You won't break your word, right?" The taxi driver was afraid that he wouldn't keep his word even if he caught up with the van.
Joan looked at him, took off the watch on his wrist and placed it on the compartment, "As long as you don't lose it, this one hundred thousand dollars watch is yours."
"One hundred… thousand?" The taxi driver glanced at it, "You wouldn't lie to me, would you?"
"I never lied." Joan looked solemn as he said. The driver gritted his teeth, "Okay."
He would do it for the money.
The car was getting closer to the van, but they were also getting far from the city and heading out into the countryside.
The van stopped in front of an abandoned, dilapidated building. The people inside pulled Amanda and Jessica out and dragged them into the building.
One of them was making a call, telling Hilary, "We have caught her."
"Well, just do as we agreed." Hilary stood at the window while Atwood was there too, coming over to her and asking, "It's done, right?"
"Yes." Hilary nodded.
Atwood excused himself and said, "I'm off to use the toilet."
"Go ahead." Hilary turned around and sat on the sofa, waiting for the good news.
The idea Atwood had given her was to get rid of Amanda to have no one to compete with her for Stanford.
But that was only a part of Atwood's plan.
When he reached the bathroom, he called Stanford's number instead of using the toilet, which was the key to his plan.
Hilary had harmed Amanda while Stanford came to the rescue, and Amanda would then change her mind about Stanford.
However, he couldn't get through no matter how he called.
At this moment, Stanford didn't tell Atwood that he had gone to the hospital for an operation, and his mobile phone was switched off too. So naturally, he couldn't receive his call when he was in the operating theatre.
Atwood was anxious and continued to call, but Stanford's phone was switched off and could not be connected.
If Stanford couldn't get there, it meant that Amanda would really be in danger. After all, he hadn't told Hilary about this part of the plan, and she wouldn't be merciful.
He used Hilary as a trap, just to make this look real.
Oh no!
He left and drove his car, rushing to the location.
At that moment, Amanda was tied to a concrete pillar. They just targeted Amanda, and so they didn't do anything to Jessica. Plus, she was old and had difficulty moving. They just threw her to the ground and left her alone.
Jessica's head hit the brick, and she passed out.
They got some flammable materials, wood and cement bags, threw them on the ground and poured a barrel of diesel fuel on them.
They turned on the lighter and threw it on the ground before leaving. The fire flared up in a flash with the flammability of the diesel fuel.
"Grandma!" Amanda shouted in anxiety, "Grandma, wake up."
She was tied up and couldn't move, nor she could go to save Jessica. She could only try to wake her up, as Jessica was not tied up and could leave.
At the moment, her mind was in turmoil, sweating, feeling desperate and terrified. It didn't matter if she was on her own, but now she had dragged her grandmother into it…
"It's my fault for not protecting you…"
Her vision turned blurry, and the fire was getting hotter.
The smell of the smoke running up her nose was so strong that it choked her and made her cough!
#####Chapter 1065 Facing a Life-and-death Problem
"Amanda…"
Amanda saw a figure barge in amidst the thick fog.
Ahem…
She coughed again violently.
Joan glanced at Jessica, who had fallen to the ground. He bent down to pick her up and run outside, which was long empty. The taxi driver had driven off for fear of causing trouble.
He placed Jessica on the relatively safer grass. He called 911 and then ran back inside, where the fire grew even more intense, and the strong smell of burning filled the air.
The fire surrounded Amanda, and she had long since been scorched to the point of coma, with a sliver of consciousness left. She had seen her grandmother being saved, but she just didn't see who did it.
She braced herself for the last of her consciousness, hoping to see who had helped her save her grandmother.
"Amanda…" said Joan, rushing in from outside the flames despite the danger.
The fire had choked Amanda's voice, and her face was toasted red. She weakly lifted her eyelids and looked clearly at the person in front of her. She smiled slightly and spat out hoarsely, "It's… you."
Joan discovered that what tying her was not those ordinary rope that he could have burnt with fire, but was iron chains.
This was very tricky.
He gently patted Amanda's face, "Don't be afraid, I will get you out."
Amanda's lips were dry, and she said hoarsely, "Leave me alone… Go away."
"I won't leave you behind." He rushed out of the fire to find something that could break the chains.
However, no tool could break the chain. Just when he was at a loss as to what to do, he saw a rusty steel bar, about a metre long, lying in the grass. He picked it up and ran inside.
The only consciousness left held Amanda from passing out. She knew well that she might not survive, "Don't risk your life for me…"
She didn't want to drag Joan along with her.
Joan ignored her and instead tried to pry the chains off with the steel, but it wasn't easy.
"Get out of here!" Her voice was extremely hoarse.
Joan's movements paused. His dirty hand cupped Amanda's face, looking deeply at her, "I always felt that respecting your choice was being good to you, but now I think that I may have been wrong. It's often being in the middle of it that makes you unable to see the truth of what is good for you."
He gulped and continued, "I like you, and I mean it. Will you accept me?"
Amanda raised her eyes to look at him. She could saw her reflections and the blazing fire behind her in his pupils, so clear and so ardent.
She was moved inside, but she was aware of the situation she was in at this moment.
Joan held her, not that he wanted to take advantage of her at the moment. Instead, when he couldn't save her, a thought flashed through his mind that would he have regrets if she had died.
The answer was yes.
It was regretful for him to give up before he had fought for it.
He didn't want to spend the rest of his life with regret every time he thought about it.
So he wanted to strive for it once.
He attached himself to her ear, "If we can still get out alive, I hope you can travel around and see the world with me, okay?"
Perhaps Amanda's mind was touched by Joan at this moment, or perhaps it was that in a time of danger, he could still hold her and say these words, enough to appear he was sincere.
"…Okay."
She managed to say out a word.
She was facing life and death, but death became less frightening with a strong embrace around her.
#####Chapter 1066 Who Did This?
She had been through something like this before, only that last time she had to endure it alone, feeling scared, helpless and facing the fear of death.
However, there was someone who could disregard his own life and remain by her side in such a dangerous moment this time, giving her a spiritual shock.
Her body was hot, and her heart was beating.
Without consulting her, Joan cupped her face and kissed her dry lips.
Amanda's eyes snapped open. And after a brief moment of dismay, she accepted it delightfully. She gave him a response with the only little strength she had.
The wind blew, and a cluster of flames burned towards them.
Joan blocked the fire with his own body.
Amanda wanted to say no, but her voice could no longer be heard.
Joan's face was right in front of her…
The so-called luck was probably when the one who loved you didn't give up nor abandon you in such desperate times.
Atwood arrived with his men, put out the fire and saved Amanda and Joan.
Jessica was also taken to the hospital for treatment.
Amanda had no burns on her body, except that her voice was hoarse after choking on the smoke.
The first thing she asked when she opened her eyes was, "Where is Joan?"
The doctor asked, "Is it the man who was brought in with you?"
She nodded.
Her throat was too sore at the moment to speak.
She got up and went to see Joan, who had burns on his back. The doctor said that his injuries were not life-threatening, just the wounds on his body would take some time to recuperate. And also, there would be scars on his back if he didn't get a skin implant.
Later she was unconscious and had no idea how she had been rescued. When she visited Jessica, she saw Atwood sitting in a row chair in the corridor, looking anxious.
She walked over to him.
"Why are you here?"
Atwood looked up and saw it was her, stood up, saying, "I'm sorry."
Amanda narrowed her eyes, "So, did you have something to do with this?"
"No." Atwood immediately denied it. Not only did he not admit it, but he also shifted the blame to Hilary, "It was all her doing. I accidentally discovered it and so I came to save you guys in time."
He lowered his head sheepishly as he spoke.
How could he dare to admit now that he had something to do with this matter. His plans fell behind changes. Everything he had hoped for didn't happen at all. He couldn't contact Stanford, nor he could find out where he had gone.
He had wanted to use this matter to gain favour for Stanford in front of Amanda. However, he had given that opportunity to the foreigner instead.
When he rushed in with his men to save the others, he saw Joan shielding Amanda from the fire with his own body to protect her.
He was all shook up at that time.
Now he realized that a mistake had occurred just because he had taken this into his own hands and hadn't discussed it with Stanford in advance. He blamed himself in his heart for what had happened now.
"About this…"
"Don't say it." Amanda didn't want to hear anymore.
She pushed open the door of the ward and went in to see Jessica.
Jessica was old, and there was a silver lining that this incident didn't kill her.
Amanda couldn't take care of herself here, and there was no reliable person around, so she contacted Joshua.
The next day, Joshua walked in when Amanda was feeding Jessica.
He already knew what was going on and so didn't ask any more questions. He sat at the side and waited for Amanda.
After a while, Jessica lay down to rest after eating. Seeing that she had fallen asleep, Amanda and Joshua then walked out of the ward to speak in the corridor.
"Grandma can't stay here any longer," Amanda said.
Joshua stood by the window and looked back at her, feeling a bit angry inside, "You're always like this."
Not saying anything and then making a mess of it.
"I have things to take care of before I take her away." Joshua walked away after saying that.
He absolutely couldn't tolerate the one who harmed Amanda and Jessica.
He must find out who did this.
#####Chapter 1067 Daydream
Amanda stood in the corridor and sighed as she looked at Joshua walking away.
All she wanted was to take Jessica on a trip and did not expect so many things to happen. She started to ponder that this was a horrible place. Anything related to this place was so a disaster for her.
Inside the patient’s room.
The doctor examined Joan’s wounds and said, “Avoid spicy food and stay warm. Sleep on your sides and do not lay flat. Avoid putting pressure on your wound.”
Joan replied, “Understood.”
“Here are some ointments. Apply onto the wound once in the morning and evening.” The doctor said.
Amanda walked in and placed the take-out onto the table and asked the doctor, “How long will it take for the wounds to recover.”
“Not too long. So long as he doesn’t rest on the wounds, he should be able to walk around In a couple of days. The scab will start to form in about ten days to a fortnight.” The doctor added.
Amanda nodded, “Thanks, doctor.”
“That’s my duty.” The doctor replied.
“Keep the wound dry.” The doctor reminded.
“Yes, doctor.” Amanda acknowledged.
The doctor left the room to examine the other patients. After seeing the doctor out, Amanda walked back to the bedside table and opened the takeout boxes, and asked, “You must be hungry.”
“I’m… okay.” Joan was a little apprehensive.
He had expressed his feelings towards Amanda and she had accepted him. However, he seemed to feel unsettled when they were in the same room.
Amanda sat beside him with a bowl of porridge. She scooped a spoonful of porridge and served it towards his lips and said, “This is pumpkin porridge with some meatballs. Give it a try and see if it suits your taste.”
Joan looked at her and muttered, “I…”
“Yes?” She looked at him.
“Cat’s got your tongue?” She asked.
Joan took a mouthful of the porridge and replied, “It’s tasty.”
After a few spoonfuls, he asked, “If you regret…”
“I don’t.” Amanda interrupted him before he could finish his sentence.
“I meant what I said unless you now regret.” She said firmly.
“Why would I regret it?” Joan anxiously sat upright as if to emphasize his sincerity but his actions were too abrupt and he winced in pain. Amanda noticed his pain although his change in expression was very slight.
"Stop moving around, you’re injured,” Amanda said sternly.
Joan pursed his lips and smiled tenderly.
“Why are you smiling?” She served him another spoonful of porridge with a meatball on it.
Joan looked at her and asked, “Did I?”
“Do you want me to take a photo and show it to you?” She said coyly, “Eat your porridge.”
She then composed herself and said, “I’ll inform my parents when I go home after you’ve recovered.”
Joan was stunned for a moment before holding her hand.
Three days later.
Joshua found out the details of what had happened.
“This Stanford is truly a pain in the ass!” He exclaimed in frustration.
“Was he behind this incident?” Joan asked. Although he was not familiar with Stanford and had only spoken to him several times, he felt that Stanford would not do something like this.
“According to my investigations, what happened was devised by Hilary and Atwood. Their motive was to kidnap my sister and put her in danger for Stanford to rescue. Then he would be able to seek my sister’s forgiveness. However, it was unclear why Stanford did not appear in the end.” Joshua said.
Joan was now perplexed. If this involved Stanford, then why did he back out at the critical moment?
“Was your investigation thorough?” Joan asked.
“Atwood is Stanford’s personal assistant. Do you think he dared to do anything without Stanford’s approval?”
Joshua scoffed, “What a fool to think that he could gain her forgiveness by doing this!” Joshua had nothing but disgust for Stanford.
“He capitalized on my sister’s feelings for him in the past and now he used these unscrupulous means again. What a deviant person!”
Joan looked towards Amanda but she was calm and her expression did not betray her feelings. She noticed that someone was looking at her and looked up. Her eyes locked with Joan and she tenderly smiled at him. She was no longer affected by any mention of Stanford.
Joan knew about her past and she did not want to explain those anymore.
Joan was an adult and since he could accept her past, there was no use in her mentioning it. The past was the past.
Joshua continued to speak without any regard for Joan and Amanda, “I had also checked up on Hilary’s background. Apart from some wealth, her family does not have any other influence. We need not go easy on such people. I want her to regret what she had done.” Joshua already had in mind what he wanted to do to her. 
“As for Atwood, Stanford should be the mastermind instead of him. However, I could not locate him. Perhaps he had disappeared due to the failure of this task.” Joshua deduced.
#####Chapter 1068 Apple of The Eye
Amanda did not want to be involved with Stanford’s affairs and left the city with Joan and Jessica. She also did not want to pursue the incident as she was from out of state. Now that she had left this place, she was unsure if she would ever go back there again.
However, to Joshua, he did not care if this plan was a ruse or actually wanted to harm Amanda. He felt that the perpetrators must be dealt with or they might attempt something again in the future. They must be taught a lesson. That was why he remained in the city even after Amanda and Joan’s departure.
He could not find Stanford but was able to capture Atwood. He gave Atwood a severe beating which caused Atwood to be bedridden for a week.
As for Hilary, Joshua used his network to steal all their businesses. All the companies who had business with them started to end their dealings abruptly with her family’s company. They claimed that all their products were inferior and rejected the goods. All sorts of excuses were given to make things difficult for them.
The company soon fell into financial difficulties as they could not sell the products which had been manufactured.
That was not the end of it. Joshua had something else in store for Hilary.
Hilary was upset as her plan to harm Amanda did not work out. So she went to the pub to drown her sorrows. Little did she expect her drink to be spiked and photos were taken of her in the nude.
In the Lucien family’s moment of crisis, Hilary’s nude photos were made public. This threw the Lucien family into huge turmoil.
In City C...
Jessica was old and now her head was injured. Upon examination by the doctor, the doctor advised them to just let her recuperate and let her live out her remaining days in peace. One must be prepared for death at a certain age because the end may come unexpectedly. 
Amanda asked everyone to gather at the living hall.
Armand curiously asked, “What important matter do you want to announce to us? The only thing that matters most is your marriage.” He was worried that she would develop an animosity for men and reject marriage and love for the rest of her life.
Amanda did not know how to begin. She was not as spontaneous as she had been in the past. Then, she brought Stanford to Matthew and Dolores and was upfront about her decision. She simply said, “I wanted to marry Stanford and no one else.”
Joan was familiar with the family and did not feel uncomfortable being with them. Now he knew that Amanda needed some support and walked to Amanda’s side and held her hand.
His palm was very warm and grasped her hand tightly.
Amanda turned to look at him but he remained focused on the rest of the family. Though he did not say anything, it was clear to them what was happening.
“Joan…” Armand looked at Joan and then at Amanda, “You guys…”
“Yes, we’ve decided to be together.” Joan announced and then looked at Matthew and declared, “I would like to take your daughter’s hand in marriage. I wish that you’d give us your blessings.”
Matthew lived not far from Joan and understood his character. When he tried to arrange for Amanda to work at Joan’s company, he also hoped that they could become friends. He was confident of Joan’s character and knew that he was a decent man. However, he had to be extra careful since Amanda had been hurt.
Matthew leaned back onto the sofa and then said sternly, “Have you considered carefully?”
“Yes,” Joan answered without hesitation.
Dolores did not understand what Matthew was doing. He was clearly impressed and had a good opinion of Joan so why was he making things difficult for him? She did not interrupt but grabbed Matthew’s hand and gave him a puzzled look.
Matthew did not explain but gently patted her hand as if signalling to her that he would explain to her later. Dolores relaxed and allowed Matthew to continue, “I have three children but I have only one daughter. She had always been the apple of my eye and I had pampered her since she was young. She had never been bullied in this household. However, a person must go through some experiences to grow up. This can only happen once.” Matthew said solemnly.
“I know.” Joan understood that Matthew was referring to Amanda’s previous marriage.
He was unfazed and looked back at Matthew, “My parent’s marriage was blissful and that is what I want. However, they died when I was young and I always had this feeling of emptiness. Amanda makes me feel complete and ready to start a family of our own, just like yours.”
#####Chapter 1069 You Have Me in Your Heart
“Hey, isn’t this a happy moment? Why does it look like an interrogation?” Armand glared at Matthew. Joan was a good catch and he was worried that Matthew might scare him away.
“Come, come, take a seat.” Armand tried to break the tense moment.
Joan nodded politely and said, “Thanks.”
“No need, we will soon become a family and there is no need for formalities.” Armand nudged Theresa and whispered, “Serve some drinks.”
“Do it yourself.” Theresa sat firm and glared at him.
Armand chuckled and said, “Okay, okay, I’ll get the drinks.” Theresa never treated him tenderly.
He went to get the drinks and was surprised that Joan and Amanda were still standing. He quickly asked, “Why are you still standing?” After saying this, he seemed to realize what was happening and looked towards Matthew and laughed, “Just agree, won’t you? You are neighbours with Joan. Isn’t it great that you can still see your daughter every day in the future?”
Matthew glared at Armand coldly. Armand kept quiet and went to sit on the sofa as he mumbled, “Ingrate.” He did these out of concern for Amanda’s future.
Matthew then felt that what he wanted to say was now unnecessary. He then waved to them, “Take a seat, you two.”
“Dad.” Amanda sat beside Matthew and held his arm and asked, “Have you agreed?”
Dolores also looked at Matthew, eagerly anticipating his decision.
Matthew patted her hand and was unwilling but she was already an adult and should be married. She could not stay by his side forever and remain under his protection.
“Your silence means that you had agreed?” Dolores finally spoke. Matthew softly acknowledged.
“That’s great!” Armand said excitedly as if it was his son who was getting married.
At night, Andrew went out with Joan after coming out of Jessica’s room. Andrew did not know Joan well due to his work. They had only met twice. He did not voice his thoughts even after he knew about Amanda and Joan’s situation.
“Do you have anything that you want to ask me?” Joan asked.
Andrew suggested that they went to a place where they could have a chat. They went to the lakeside.
There was a slight evening breeze and the lake reflected the surrounding lights. The night scenery was beautiful.
Andrew leaned over the railings and rested his arms as he looked across the lake and reminisced, “I had a good relationship with her when we were young. When I grew up, I joined the military and she had fallen in love. We drifted apart and were no longer as close as before.”
“I was seldom home these years and many things had happened,” Andrew said.
“Yes.” Joan stood upright beside him. Both of them were in the military and they were similarly tall and exuded authority even when they were not wearing their uniforms.
“What do you see in my sister?” Andrew turned and asked Joan.
Joan had a darker complexion but was closer to the locals. His eyebrows were thick, his eyes were attractive, and had sharp features. His manly expression softened when he thought about Amanda. 
“I don’t know.” He could not pick a certain attribute of Amanda which caused him to fall in love with her.
“Perhaps it’s a feeling that can’t be touched nor seen. It just happened without any particular reason.” Joan explained.
"Is that so?” Andrew raised his eyebrows in doubt.
“Why? Haven’t you been in love before? Have you ever liked a woman?” Joan was in disbelief.
Andrew looked at him and narrowed his eyes, “Why? Are you questioning my abilities?”
“No, it’s just abnormal for you not to have fallen for a woman at this age…” Joan joked.
“You’re the one who’s abnormal.” Although Andrew was cute and tender when he was young, he had matured considerably after joining the military. Even if now he was not in the military, he still radiated the spirit of a soldier.
“I heard that you are rather skilled in combat fighting. Shall we have a sparring match to check out if you can protect my sister?”
The two exchanged looks not simply as a man versus a man but also a soldier challenging another soldier. This concerned the pride of both nations.
Both would not want to lose to the other. They started to spar and fought along the lake. They were equally matched. 
After an hour, both of them collapsed onto the grass while panting and drenched in sweat.
It was obvious that Joan was more exhausted as he was still injured. He did not wince in pain even as the grass pierced onto his wound.
“You must be good to my sister, otherwise I will not hold back my punches,” Andrew said as he looked towards the sky.
Joan rubbed the corner of his mouth as Andrew had bruised it and laughed, “Got it.”
Joan had dinner at the villa but stayed at the hotel. He and Amanda could not spend the night together as they were not married. Joan went back to the hotel after parting with Andrew. Amanda was waiting for him at the hotel.
Joan saw Amanda as soon as he entered the hotel room. He did not expect her and quickly covered his bruise and asked, “Why are you here?”
“Your wound had not completely healed and the ointment is with me. I brought them over to you.” Amanda walked over and held his hand and saw the bruise. She frowned and asked, “Did you fight with someone?”
Joan acknowledged.
“Are you a kid?” Amanda was angry and her heart ached. She wrapped some ice cubes with the towel and pressed them onto the bruise.
“What hit you? It’s already turning green.” She asked as she started to massage the bruise.
“A fist,” Joan replied truthfully.
Amanda was speechless.
After that, she removed his shirt only to find the wound had opened up. She was now upset and scolded, “Don’t you know that you’re injured? Why did you fight like a child?”
Joan relished her mumbles and was not angry. Instead, he continued to look at her as he laid on the bed and said, “I did it intentionally. How else can I get your heart to ache for me?”
“Whose heart is aching for you?” Amanda intentionally pressed down hard as she was applying the ointment. Joan winced in pain and flipped around and grabbed Amanda into his arms. He immediately kissed her. He was unusually rough and kissed her deeply.
Amanda did not reject him but allowed him to take her into his arms and responded passionately. Her body relaxed as she looked at him and breathed in his scent and the odour of the ointment. 
Buzz buzz…
Joan’s cellphone started to vibrate.
Amanda snapped back to her senses and pushed him off and said, “Mmm… your phone is ringing.”
#####Chapter 1070 He Did Not Win
Joan was frustrated by the call and did not want to let go of her but the phone continued to ring.
He could only let go of her and said, “I’ll answer this.”
Amanda blushed. Although they had decided to be together, all these happened quickly and she felt uneasy being so intimate with him.
“I’ll leave first while you answer the call.” She stood up and walked towards the door. 
Joan held onto her hand tightly and said, “I’ll send you home.”
“No need. I drove here.” Amanda replied.
The caller pestered and he could only release her hand, “Drive carefully and let me know when you’re safely home.”
“Okay.” Amanda walked out of the room.
She arrived home and saw Andrew as she was going up the stairs. She noticed that Andrew had a black eye.
“Andrew.” She walked over to him.
“You went to see Joan?” Andrew asked.
Amanda nodded and replied, “Yes.”
“Your eye…” She walked over and wondered how come his injury seemed like Joan’s but at a different spot.
“Did you fight with Joan?” She asked curiously.
“Yes.” Andrew went to get a glass of water and said, “I taught him a lesson so that he won’t bully you in the future.”
“Who won?” Amanda took some ice cubes to rub his eye.
“What? No winners.” He declared. It was an even fight.
Amanda led him to the sofa, “I’ll apply some ice onto it otherwise it will be swollen.”
Andrew drank the water and looked at his sister, “Both of us were injured. Are you more concerned for me or him?”
“Of course…” She wanted to say ‘it’s you’ but she changed at the last minute, “of course it’s Joan.”
“Heartless… to think that I took care of you since you were young.” He was not angry but sat back to allow Amanda to nurse his black eye.
He narrowed his eyes and threatened, “Tell me if he bullies you. Although the fight was a draw, he would definitely lose if Joshua joined in the fight against him.”
“Since when did you resort to violence to settle disagreements?  You weren’t like that when you were young.” Amanda said angrily.
Andrew looked at her and replied, “You’ve said it yourself. Everyone grows up.”
He looked at Amanda and asked, “What about you?” He knew that she had grown up. She seemed fine after what she had gone through because of Stanford. That showed that she was emotionally very strong.
“You’re just older than me by a few minutes.” She continued, “I already had one marriage, what about you?”
Andrew was silent for a while and thought about Evelyn.
“It’s getting late, rest early.” He stood up.
“It’ll heal faster if you continue to massage it,” Amanda said out of concern.
“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” He waved and returned to his room.
Amanda looked at the time. It was late. She went back to her room to wash up and laid on her bed. She received a message from Joan asking if she was home.
Amanda quickly replied that she was at home. She had forgotten to message him when she returned.
‘I’ll look for you tomorrow. I have something to tell you.’ Joan messaged.
She looked at the screen and quickly replied, ‘What is it? Can’t you say it now?’
‘It’s better that I tell you in person.’ Joan replied.
She frowned and pondered, ‘Was he trying to stir up her curiosity?’
She intentionally replied as if she was angry, ‘As you wish. I’m sleeping now.’
#####Chapter 1071 Being Smitten
Joan did not realize that she was upset and thought that she was tired. So he replied, ‘Okay, I’ll sleep too.’
Amanda heard the phone buzz and eagerly picked up the phone. Before she unlocked the screen, she already saw the message notification and began to laugh. She thought fondly about Joan and wondered if he really did not realize that she was upset or he just was not sensitive to such hints.
She placed her cellphone down and went to sleep.
Joan came early the next morning.
Amanda saw Joan sitting at the living hall having a conversation with Matthew.
“Are you here to freeload?” Amanda walked over to Joan.
Joan hesitated for a moment before laughing, “Yeah, I’m here just for a free meal.”
Amanda rolled her eyes and sat beside Matthew.
“Joan needs to go back.” Matthew said to her and continued, “He wishes that you leave with him. What do you think?”
Amanda was caught off guard and did not know how to respond. She asked Joan, “Was this what you mentioned about last night?”
Joan affirmed and said, “There are some things that require my attention.” He paused for a moment and then said, “I hope that you can go back with me.”
Amanda replied, “I don’t wish to.”
“Your grandmother’s health is frail and your mother wishes to stay here. We won’t be going back anytime soon. It’s not good for the house to be empty for too long. Go back there and help us maintain it.” Matthew said.
“Dad, aren’t you asking me to go back with him?” She meant that he was too obvious.
Just now Joan told Matthew about what had happened in B city and that was why he made this decision. It was better that they avoided Stanford.
“Grandmother’s health is failing. I don’t wish to leave. I want to spend more time with her.” Amanda leaned onto Matthew’s shoulders coyly. No matter how old she was, she was always her father’s little girl.
“Andrew would be around. Your mother and I would also be here. There are enough people here to take care of your grandmother. There is no need for you to be here.” Matthew said.
“But I don’t wish to be doing nothing over there.” Amanda felt that she should be doing something other than just spending time with Joan.
“Remember the job that I told you about the last time? You may start anytime you wish.” Matthew patted Amanda’s shoulders and continued, “I recommended you for the job. Don’t disappoint me.”
“Of course.” Amanda answered confidently and continued, “I am your daughter and will not let you down.”
“So I’ll buy two air tickets?” Joan asked.
Amanda stood up, looked at him, and said, “Come out with me.”
Joan looked puzzled and did not know what was going on.
“Go ahead.” Matthew waved.
Joan went out with Amanda and asked, “What’s up?”
Amanda did not answer and looked at him quietly. Joan became flustered and wondered if he had done something wrong. He carefully asked, “Are you upset?”
“Don’t you know what’s wrong with yourself?” She said and then asked, “Let me ask you, who are you in love with?”
“You…” Joan was puzzled as to what she was trying to say.
“Why did you tell my father first that you needed to go back? Shouldn’t you be telling me first? Are you in love with my father?” She was not actually angry but she was wondering what was he thinking.
Joan explained, “I knew your father for a long time and I needed to inform your family out of respect. I planned to tell you thereafter…”
“Can you tell me first on matters that concern us?” Amanda chuckled, “Do you understand?”
What she wanted Joan to know was to share more information with her since they decided to be together. She realized that Joan was not romantic and too square.
Joan nodded, “I understand.”
“Okay, let’s go in.” She turned to leave but Joan grabbed a corner of her blouse. She was wondering how such a strong and serious man could behave so childishly. She was both amused and moved by his actions.
A successful man who had authority actually behaved like a child who was worried that he had done something wrong.
“What’s wrong?” She asked tenderly.
“I want to tell you that I have to go back to handle some matters and I want you to go back with me.” He said and was eagerly awaiting her answer.
“You’ve already convinced my dad. Can I refuse you?” She pretended to be angry but she was actually amused.
Joan felt that although they had decided to be together, some things he needed to seek her parent’s approval.
“Amanda, I feel that your parents need to know first.” He held her hand to his heart and told her solemnly, “My parent’s died early and I always wished to have a family. I wish to regard your parents as mine. If they did not agree, I would not take you back with me even if you agreed.”
He pursed his lips and continued, “Every parent loves their children. If they don’t agree, they must have some reasons.”
Joan was brought up in a happy family and had such an opinion due to his experiences. But there were also a lot of irresponsible parents.
Amanda suddenly clung to his neck as he grabbed her waist. She leaned onto Joan’s shoulders and said, “I finally understand why my father trusts you.”
“Although you don’t have a keen sense of reading the room, you know how to grasp the favour of the elders.” She also grew up in a blissful family and agreed with what Joan said.
 Joan understood what she meant by grasping the favour of the elders.
“What’s the meaning of reading the room?” Joan knew lots of idioms and sayings but there were plenty that he still needed to learn. There were famous quotations, poems, and wisdom.
Amanda laughed and asked, “Don’t you know what that means?”
Joan nodded curiously.
“I can’t simply teach you for free. If you want to know its meaning, then you need to pay me fees…” Amanda said as she stretched out her hand.
“What are you doing? Aren’t you having breakfast?” Andrew leaned against the door frame watching them.
Amanda quickly retracted her hand and glared at him, “Why did you sneak up on us?”
“So that I can see your smitten looks!” Andrew intentionally teased her.
All she did was hugging Joan. How could that be considered as she being smitten?
#####Chapter 1072 Illegitimate Child
Andrew didn't know why. When he heard the word "child", he was actually eager to find Evelyn.
Originally, he wanted to find her after he was done, but he had not come back for a long time and he had encountered Kevin's death. Jessica was not in good health now. If he goes out again because of personal issue and doesn't accompany his family at this time, he would look too selfish.
Joshua was in charge of everything at home in the first place. He was supposed to conduct his filial duty for his parents, but he was not around them. As the eldest son, he felt ashamed.
Jessica brought him up. Now she was in poor health, and she might die one day. He can't be so selfish to leave now.
With the consent of her family, Amanda had agreed to go back to Thailand with Joan. However, just before getting on the plane, she received a phone call.
Casimir called.
"My mom is ill. Maybe she doesn't have much time. Before she dies, I want him to come over."
Amanda stood in the airport hall, holding the phone and was stunned. "Your mother, she..."
"She has advanced cancer and is under treatment, but the result is not good. The doctor issued an ultimatum. I know he has his own life, I don't want to disturb him. I just want him to know...my existence."
Amanda said, "I get it. Send me the address and I'll go with him."
"Will he come with you?"
"I’ll come out with something to let him go."
"Good."
The two ended the call and Casimir sent her an address.
"Flight D360 to Bangkok is about to take off. Please get ready for boarding."
"Let's go," said Joan.
Amanda looked at him with regret. "I may not be able to go back to Thailand with you. I have something urgent to deal with."
Joan looked at her for several seconds and finally said, "OK, I'll take you back."
In fact, he was worried that Amanda would change her mind at this time, regret going back to Thailand with him.
But he didn't ask.
Even if she repented, he wouldn't resent her.
After all, she had the right to choose.
"No, thanks, I'll accompany you to the departure gate. When I finish my work, I'll find you." Amanda smiled.
Joan couldn’t conceal the joy on his face. "Really? Will you come to me?"
"Of course, I've promised you," she explained. "There’s a friend of mine, his mother is very ill. I have to go to see her, that’s why I have to postpone it, please don’t overthink it."
Joan hugged her. "I'll wait for you."
"All right, hurry up and get on the plane."
Amanda watched him walk past the boarding gate. Joan turned back and waved at her.
She waved back at him too.
Joan disappeared. She took out her mobile phone and made a phone call as she walked out.
But Abbott didn’t pick up the call.
She had to go home and ask Matthew for help.
"What are you talking about?" Armand heard Amanda's words and asked incredulously, "Abbott has an illegitimate son?"
Matthew was not surprised and he gave her a number.
Abbott had two mobile phone numbers.
It was just that only a few people knew about the other phone number.
The call was picked up when Amanda dialled it.
"Abbott..." she went aside to talk on the phone.
Here, Armand became exhilarated for gossips. "Is it true that Abbott has an illegitimate child? Why didn't I know about that at all?"
Matthew glimpsed at him and said, "There are way many things you don't know."
"..."
"I'm not curious about the illegitimate child though, I'm curious about who the child’s mother is." Armand sat down on the sofa and said with a smile, "I didn’t expect that Abbott was that reckless when he was young that he even has an illegitimate child."
#####Chapter 1073 After So Long
Matthew didn't care about Armand who was into gossip. He said a few words to his daughter and went back to the house.
Amanda contacted Abbott and immediately bought a flight ticket.
Sitting on the plane, Abbott had no idea what had happened yet.
"Amanda, where are you taking me in such a hurry?"
Amanda was looking down at the address Casimir sent her on the mobile phone. Without looking up, she said, "You'll know when you get there."
"How mysterious." Abbott leaned back and asked blandly, "Then tell me whether it's something good or bad."
Amanda thought. "It's something good…But not quite, it's something bad too..."
"So is it a good thing or a bad thing? Tell me clearly." Abbott sat up straight. "Why are you stammering?"
"I’m not stammering, it’s just I don't know how to say it. I think the person should tell you himself." After all, she was an outsider and there were many things she was not very clear of, so she thought it was better for them to meet and talk.
She didn't have to say much at this time.
Abbott waved his hand. "Fine, since you know this number, it must be your father who told you. There must be something happening, otherwise, he won't tell you this number."
Amanda looked at him with a touch of melancholy. "Abbott, do you have anything unforgettable in your life?"
Abbott half narrowed his eyes and recalled his past. He said at length, "There are no unforgettable things, but there is regret."
"What regret?" Amanda asked.
Abbott drawled, "A woman."
"The woman you like?" she continued asking.
Abbott stopped. "Quit minding adults’ business."
Amanda pouted. "I’m already an adult too."
"You’re still a child in your parents' eyes." Abbott covered himself with a blanket. "I'm going to sleep."
Amanda didn't bother him.
When the plane landed, they got off the plane and saw Casimir standing at the exit waiting for them.
"I'm here." he raised his hand for fear that Amanda couldn't see him.
Amanda waved too.
"I've seen this guy." Abbott still remembered Casimir.
Amanda didn't speak.
"I'm here with Abbott," said Amanda when she came to Casimir.
Casimir nodded. "You should be tired of flying. I'll take you to eat..."
"It’s okay, let’s go to the hospital first," she said.
Abbott was confused. "What tricks are you two playing?"
"The situation is urgent, let’s talk while walking," Amanda said.
Casimir glanced at her and said, "The car is parked outside the airport. Let's go."
They went out of the airport and got inside the car.
Casimir looked sombre. He held the steering wheel tightly. After hesitating for a long time, he asked, "When you were young, did you know a woman named Emma Bailey?"
Abbott was startled because he hadn't heard that name for a long time.
He was a little surprised and anxious when he suddenly heard it.
He turned to see Amanda. From what she had asked him on the plane, could it be she had known something?
"Amanda..."
"I’m not sure, you should ask Casimir if there’s anything." Amanda had helped take Abbott here for Casimir, but she wouldn't get involved in their affairs.
She can't figure out what happened to him anyway.
Abbott began to feel uneasy. "Your name is Casimir, and your last name is Bailey."
Casimir did not lie. "I took my mother's surname."
"Is your mother Emma Bailey?" After so long, he still remembered the woman when he mentioned the name again.
Casimir nodded. "Yes, I'm her son."
The car stopped right at the entrance of the hospital.
#####Chapter 1074 Ending
Amanda and Casimir both got off, but Abbott was still in the car, as if he had lost track of what he was doing, and at the same time looking like he was still mulling over what Casimir had said.
“Mr. Baron.” Amanda reminded him, which brought him back to reality.
After getting off the car, they came to the ward led by Casimir.
“My mother is inside there.” He didn’t sound like he wanted to go in.
Abbott glanced at him and slowly solidified his guess in his heart. It was just that he still found it hard to believe.
Even though so many years had passed, Abbott could still recognize Emma with ease. Although she was not young anymore, he could still remember her face.
At this moment, the person lying in bed had woken up. She was able to see those who stood not too far away from the bed, and there was a frozen expression for a moment, but it developed into a self-deprecating smile very quickly.
She imagined herself having bad eyes now, “It must be almost time for me to go since we can still meet each other for the last time.”
She let out a long sigh, “It’s really head-scratching. We barely saw each other when we’re still alive, so what’s the point of meeting before my demise?”
“I am really useless.” She hated herself for remembering him, for still having such an illusion at this timing.
Abbott felt like his legs had turned to lead.
There was a churning motion in his chest, and he was only able to open his mouth after a while, “Emma?”
The woman lying in bed visibly froze for a moment, and then her eyes slowly became bigger. She was staring at Abbott incredulously, “You…”
Was this not her illusion?
“You, you…”
She was agitated, fearful and feeling a whirl of emotion. In the end, nothing came out of her mouth.
Abbott came over and asked with a solemn expression, “Where have you been hiding? Hmm? I couldn’t find you even if I wanted to, and it turns out that you’ve been hiding here.”
Emma seemed to be digesting his words, to the point that her eyes started to become wet.
Her voice was strangely hoarse, “You have been finding me.”
Abbott's eyes were slightly reddened too, “Of course. I am not as cruel as you. You can just disappear after making a fool out of someone. You can be gone without leaving so much as a note behind.”
Emma was sobbing now, and her lips were shuddering. Beads of tears were coming down from her eyes.
They flowed into her hair.
They flowed onto the pure white pillow.
Outside the ward, Amanda and Casimir were sitting on a long bench, and they had been wordless for some time. They could only hear the occasional voice of conversation and sobbing, the crying sound coming from the ward.
The different sounds interchanged with one another.
From it was still daylight until night came.
For those waiting outside, it was a long time.
However, Emma and Abbott felt that time was too short.
They had missed each other their whole lives.
They had been missing each other in their hearts, yet they never got the chance to tell each other their feelings.
After calming down, Abbott asked the doctor about Emma’s situation. It was her last moment in life, and even if there were God in this world, her life couldn’t be prolonged anyway.
Abbott was here to walk her through the last part of her life.
They didn’t just linger in the hospital. Abbott had brought her to many places.
They talked about their lives.
When Emma learnt that Abbott was a married man and had children already, her heart felt like it was electrocuted. The pain was as if someone were drilling a hole in it.
She knew it and she was ready to hear it from him. It was not likely that Abbott would spend his whole life alone.
However, no matter how she was prepared, when the moment he told her by himself came, she still couldn’t keep her emotions in check.
She lost her consciousness at that time.
Abbott returned her to the hospital, and after that whenever she asked about his life again, he would try to avoid getting further with that topic.
One day, Emma wanted to see the ocean, and Abbott proceeded to bring her there.
The sky was very blue, and the waves were lapping against the shore calmly. There was the scent of salt lingering in the air.
It was the smell of the ocean.
“After I am gone, scatter my ashes into the ocean.” She held Abbott’s hand, “…I never thought that at the very end, you are the one who is going to see me off.”
Abbott said nothing afterwards. His throat was parched and dry.
“Casimir… He… Is he my son?” This was what he wanted to ask most, and it was something he didn’t dare to broach too.
He had a feeling that the days were counting down for Emma. He really wanted to hear the truth from her.
“He’s all grown up now, and he can take good care of himself…” As she said that, her tears fell. She didn’t want to cry, but she couldn’t hold back the tears, “I have been indebted to him for too long, and as a mother, I am not worthy of him…”
Even until now, she never thought to reveal to Casimir her real identity.
She had stolen Casimir’s right to fatherly love.
She was selfish.
There were too many things that she had done wrong in her life.
She was very regretful. She regretted many things.
If she never left at that time, and if she had gone to see Abbott once she learnt that she was pregnant, the outcome now wouldn’t be like this.
Everything in the present was caused solely by her.
At the end of her days, she gazed at the ocean and said, “You should change his name.”
After that, she looked up and touched Abbott’s face. His face looked a little different from the one in her memory. He had wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, and there were signs of the passage of time in his eyes.
“He is… your… son…”
After saying that, her hand flopped down.
She was gone forever, in Abbott’s embrace.
She was at peace at the last moment, and although she had missed out on too much in her life, she was able to depart to the afterlife in his arms. This could possibly be the best she could hope for.
Abbott held her for a very long time and felt her body becoming cold.
A streak of tear fell on her face, and it slowly slid down her cheeks…
At the funeral, Amanda looked at Abbott, and suddenly she understand many things.
A buzzing sound came.
It was Joan who was calling.
She found a silent environment and picked up the call.
Before Joan could say anything, she took the initiative to begin the conversation, “Joan, let’s marry now.”
Joan who was at the other end of the line thought that he was hearing things.
He couldn’t believe his ears, “What did you say?”
“I said, let’s marry.” Amanda wasn’t just hot-headed. She always had good feelings towards Joan, and the most important thing was, he liked her too.
“Okay.”
Three months later, Amanda and Joan carried out their wedding ceremony. It was held in Thailand, and every proceeding was done in Thailand’s cultural style.
Due to Joan's identity, the wedding was majestic and huge.
Stanford’s surgery was a success, and he was able to recover his memory. By the time he went to see Amanda, it was at her wedding.
She was wearing a slanted collar, silk and flower ornamental evening dress, which made her look luxurious yet elegant. Her make-up was light and delicate, and standing aside Joan, she was receiving the greetings and blessings from the guests.
Stanford recalled that when she married him last time, she used to wear a pure white wedding dress. She was standing opposite him and smiling widely. She was very innocent and pure.
However…
He had let her down.
He had lost the most brilliant star in his life.
There wouldn’t be anything as sparkling as her in his life anymore, would there be?
“Do you like him?” He mumbled to himself, “I thought so.”
That was because he saw the smile she used to show in front of him a long time ago.
If she was happy, then he would give her his blessing.
For the rest of his life, he would pray for her happiness with everything that he had. He would pray that her life would be smooth sailing.
“Simona, I love you.”
Although he never got this out of his mouth, and although it was already too late, he would keep this love in his heart forever.
The wedding came to an end in the wishes and blessings of everyone.
At night.
Amanda woke up while feeling dizzy. There was no one beside her. Joan was nowhere to be seen.
She got off her bed and while dressed in lace pyjamas, her hair was sprawling all over her shoulders. Her feet were bare, and she stepped on the floor as she made her way to the study which was illuminated in light.
The door was left ajar, and through the gap, she saw Joan sitting in front of the desk, seemingly indulging in some writing.
She pushed the door open and asked, “It’s so late now. What are you doing here instead of sleeping?”
Joan looked up and saw that it was her. He kept his things and put them into the drawer and came over to sweep her off her feet. He planted a kiss on her forehead, “Why aren’t you wearing any slippers? The floor is cold.”
Amanda hung around her neck and smiled, “If I were wearing something, will you still carry me up?”
Joan smiled back, “You naughty girl.”
He carried her back to her room and placed her on the bed. Then, he bent down to kiss her on the lips.
Amanda lurched back a little as she blinked her huge eyes, “I am tired.”
Joan reached out and scooped up the remnants of her hair by her ears and traced her cheeks, neck, and collarbone…
He left every mark on every inch of her skin.
Before he entered the study, they had officially become a husband and wife.
“What are you writing just now?” She asked.
Joan got on the bed and hugged her, “Guess.”
“I can’t.”
Joan suddenly looked at her seriously, “Amanda.”
His heart was completely absorbed into this woman the moment she became his woman. He was head over heels for her, and he loved her very much.
He wanted to give her everything that he could.
Including himself.
“I am in the political field, and everything is unpredictable here…” He turned around and buried himself in her arms, hugging her tight, “If there’s a day that something happens to me…”
“What nonsense are you saying now?” Amanda sealed his mouth, “It’s our big day today. You can’t say something so inauspicious.”
Joan’s gentle gaze swept over Amanda’s face. She drooped her heady with embarrassment and just as she wanted to take back her hand, he grabbed it and clutched it tightly.
In the dim glow of the bedroom light, she was very charming and seductive. Joan came close to her ear and his eyes were brimming with the starlight in the night sky. He said, “I want you.”
Amanda immediately felt something burn on her face.
The night was very long…
It was a long and far journey…
After her sister’s wedding had ended, Joshua wanted to travel the world with Bonnie. He left the duties at home to Andrew.
Andrew agreed to help him look after things, but before that, he had something to attend to.
After one month.
He brought Evelyn back.
Evelyn was pregnant, and it was a twin.
“We have agreed on this back then. Whoever has a child first, will go to enjoy first. Joshua, you should earn more money now. I will go travel the world in your stead.” Then, before the holidays ended, Andrew brought Evelyn to travel the world. Joshua was left earning money for them to enjoy.
Three months later.
Amanda was pregnant.
After learning that she was pregnant, Joan put down all of his work and came to accompany her.
“Now it’s still very early. You don’t need to be so nervous.” Amanda was studying all kinds of pregnancy-related materials.
Joan put down his book and came over to hug her tightly.
He was going to be a dad soon, and it was hard to conceal that excitement. Even his eyes were sparkling bright.
He was satisfied and happy with his life. He had his beloved wife, and now that they were expecting a child, it was the kind of image of a family that he always wanted.
“I am very blissful.” These were his sincere words.
Amanda was happy with her life too. It was simple, and Joan was a good man.
He was gentle and family-oriented, especially towards her, he guarded her like a knight.
He made her feel that being loved by someone could be the happiest thing in the world.
Yes, she finally felt happy.
She wanted to carry on with her life in such a state forever.
“I want to give you many, many children.” She wrapped her arms around Joan’s neck and leaned on his chest, listening to his heartbeat.
However, all happiness was temporary.
By the time the child was due, Joan received a mission which he could not refuse.
“Don’t worry, I will wait for you. I and the child will be waiting for you.” She said to him.
Ten days had passed, but Joan hadn’t come back yet.
While Amanda was at home one day, she received a piece of terrible news.
When Joan was on a mission, an accident had happened.
“To save someone, he couldn’t escape before the explosion…”
Before the messenger could finish, Amanda had fainted.
“Marquise Morton!”
She was sent to the hospital.
After six hours of labour, she gave birth to a baby boy.
At the same time, she received a piece of confirmed news that Joan was dead.
After learning of that, she bled a lot after her labour. She was on the brink of death.
Dolores kept watching after her.
She was afraid that Amanda would do something stupid.
At Joan’s funeral, she cried many times over, and she almost fainted in some occasions.
It was a short period in her adulthood when she felt real happiness. Those days were the happiest days of her life.
The funeral ended.
A lawyer came to visit her.
He gave Amanda a document.
It was left behind by Joan.
It was a will.
Joan had named all of his inheritance and assets to Amanda.
Upon seeing the vast wealth at her disposal, Amanda could only cry endlessly.
She recalled the wedding night when Joan was gone from the bed when she woke up in the middle of the night.
She saw him writing something in the study.
She saw on the will that it was drafted on the day of their marriage.
The moment they tied the knot, he had given her everything that he had.
It was the accumulated wealth of all bygone generations of the Morton family.
This man had employed such method, no, his everything to love the woman he loved.
As time moved on, she slowly gathered herself and recovered. She took great care in looking after the child born of Joan and her.
However, the longing and sadness she felt whenever she thought of him never lessened.
Stanford wanted to look after her and the child.
But she rejected him.
“In my life, I will never marry another person.” She would stand by him, and by their child. She would protect this family.
Amanda ceased her interaction with any men after this episode.
She stayed in the Morton family.
Stanford didn’t marry again either.
He used his way to look after her from afar.
Although her heart belonged to another man, he wasn’t jealous of Joan.
This was because Joan did love her with all his heart.
He was able to warm up Amanda’s cold heart again, made her believe in love again.
There was no sequence to love in this world.
One beautiful night, the moon was shining bright in the night sky. Matthew was holding Dolores by her shoulder and they were gazing at the children running around in the courtyard.
All their children and grandchildren were gathered by their side. It was the happiness that most people were looking for.
A tinge of sorrow was hidden under the surface of Dolores’ face.
Matthew knew that she was worried about Amanda the most.
Their only daughter didn’t have it easy when it came to love.
In the first part of her life, she met Stanford.
She had lost her child and was on the verge of death.
Then, she met Joan.
Just when everyone thought she could finally have a happy life…
He reached out and wrapped his arm around Dolores’ shoulders, “You only need one true love in your whole life.”
That love would fill your heart to the fullest and accompany you your whole life. You can’t think of anyone else anymore.